http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fibahof preferred_label fibahof
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Singer preferred_label Singer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usk preferred_label approved rating of the Entertainment Software Self-Regulation Body in Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Reliant preferred_label プリムス・リライアント
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Reliant preferred_label Plymouth Reliant \ Dodge Aries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Reliant preferred_label Plymouth Reliant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nobelLaureates preferred_label nobel laureates
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Park preferred_label park
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor preferred_label governor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mergedWith preferred_label merged with
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_131 preferred_label Fiat 131
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_131 preferred_label フィアット・131
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_131 preferred_label Fiat 131 Mirafiori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_131 preferred_label فيات 131
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peugeot_504 preferred_label Peugeot 504
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peugeot_504 preferred_label プジョー・504
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peugeot_504 preferred_label بيجو 504
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Carina preferred_label トヨタ・カリーナ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Carina preferred_label 토요타 카리나
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Carina preferred_label تويوتا كارينا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Carina preferred_label Toyota Carina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_Grand_Prix preferred_label Pontiac Grand Prix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge preferred_label bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Rebel preferred_label AMC Rebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label Bród (geografia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label Ibi (lekua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label 浅滩
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label Guado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label Брод
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label 여울
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label Vadejo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label Ford (crossing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label Brod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label 洗い越し
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label Voorde (doorwaadbare plaats)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label Gué
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label Брід
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label Vau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label Furt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label مخاضة
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label Gual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label Áth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label Arungan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label Vadställe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_(crossing) preferred_label Vado (lugar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Mustang preferred_label Ford Mustang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Mustang preferred_label 포드 머스탱
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Mustang preferred_label فورد موستانغ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Mustang preferred_label フォード・マスタング
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Mustang preferred_label 福特野馬
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Scirocco preferred_label フォルクスワーゲン・シロッコ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Scirocco preferred_label VW Scirocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Scirocco preferred_label 폭스바겐 시로코
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Scirocco preferred_label 大众尚酷
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Scirocco preferred_label Volkswagen Scirocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Scirocco preferred_label Volkswagen Scirocco (1974)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Architect preferred_label architect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Desert preferred_label Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Jetta preferred_label 폭스바겐 제타
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Jetta preferred_label Volkswagen Jetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Jetta preferred_label フォルクスワーゲン・ジェッタ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Jetta preferred_label 大众捷达
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Jetta preferred_label VW Jetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_128 preferred_label フィアット・128
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_128 preferred_label فيات 128
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_128 preferred_label Fiat 128
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Monaco preferred_label Dodge Monaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Monaco preferred_label Dodge Monaco (1964)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Academic preferred_label Academic Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Impala preferred_label シボレー・インパラ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Impala preferred_label 雪佛兰羚羊
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Impala preferred_label Chevrolet Impala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Impala preferred_label 쉐보레 임팔라
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Impala preferred_label شيفروليه إمبالا
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal/maximumBoatBeam preferred_label maximum boat beam (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frozen preferred_label frozen
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnimangaCharacter preferred_label animanga character
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac_Seville preferred_label Cadillac Seville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac_Seville preferred_label キャデラック・セビル
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac_Seville preferred_label كاديلاك سيفيل
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerManager preferred_label soccer manager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company preferred_label 포드 모터 컴퍼니
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company preferred_label フォード・モーター
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company preferred_label Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company preferred_label شركة فورد
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company preferred_label 福特汽车
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company preferred_label Ford Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Prelude preferred_label Honda Prelude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Prelude preferred_label ホンダ・プレリュード
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Escort_(Europe) preferred_label フォード・エスコート
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Escort_(Europe) preferred_label Ford Escort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Escort_(Europe) preferred_label Ford Escort (Europe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Escort_(Europe) preferred_label Ford Escort (Европа)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Escort_(Europe) preferred_label Ford Escort (Europa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Escort_(Europe) preferred_label فورد إسكورت (أوروبا)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Escort_(Europe) preferred_label 福特護衛
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/technique preferred_label technique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Challenger preferred_label Dodge Challenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Challenger preferred_label دودج شالنجر
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Challenger preferred_label Dodge Challenger (1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Challenger preferred_label 닷지 챌린저
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Challenger preferred_label 道奇挑戰者
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Challenger preferred_label ダッジ・チャレンジャー
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gymnast preferred_label gymnast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac_Eldorado preferred_label Cadillac Eldorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac_Eldorado preferred_label 캐딜락 엘도라도
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trainerYears preferred_label trainer years
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Volcano preferred_label volcano
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/purpose preferred_label purpose
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectObjective preferred_label project objective
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Taxon preferred_label taxonomic group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateUse preferred_label date use
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Mark_II preferred_label トヨタ・マークII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Mark_II preferred_label 토요타 마크 II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Mark_II preferred_label Toyota Mark II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Mark_II preferred_label تويوتا مارك 2
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/administrativeHeadCity preferred_label head city
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Celica preferred_label 토요타 셀리카
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Celica preferred_label 豐田Celica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Celica preferred_label Toyota Celica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Celica preferred_label トヨタ・セリカ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Celica preferred_label تويوتا سيليكا
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastSeason preferred_label last season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Glacier preferred_label glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Monte_Carlo preferred_label Chevrolet Monte Carlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Monte_Carlo preferred_label شيفروليه مونت كارلو
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Monte_Carlo preferred_label 쉐보레 몬테카를로
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtisticGenre preferred_label artistic genre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Chevette preferred_label Chevrolet Chevette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Chevette preferred_label 쉐보레 쉬베트
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mvp preferred_label mvp
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dose preferred_label Dose
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/lesothoLoti preferred_label lesothoLoti
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Legislature preferred_label legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fashion preferred_label fashion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motive preferred_label motive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Dart preferred_label Dodge Dart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Dart preferred_label Dodge Dart (1958)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blazon preferred_label blazon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/assistantPrincipal preferred_label assistant principal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldsmobile_Vista_Cruiser preferred_label Oldsmobile Vista Cruiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldsmobile_Vista_Cruiser preferred_label オールズモビル・ヴィスタクルーザー
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint preferred_label saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Letter preferred_label letter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicalArtist preferred_label musical artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Swarm preferred_label Swarm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/owner preferred_label owner
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cubicMetre preferred_label cubicMetre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audi_100 preferred_label Audi 100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audi_100 preferred_label 奥迪100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audi_100 preferred_label أودي 100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audi_100 preferred_label Audi 100/200/5000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audi_100 preferred_label アウディ・100
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/competitionTitle preferred_label competition title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unloCode preferred_label UN/LOCODE
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/southEastPlace preferred_label south-east place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeNext preferred_label route next stop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/servingTemperature preferred_label serving temperature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Vega preferred_label Chevrolet Vega
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/arielAward preferred_label Ariel Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buick_Century preferred_label ビュイック・センチュリー
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buick_Century preferred_label Buick Century
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Capital preferred_label Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Fury preferred_label プリムス・フューリー
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Fury preferred_label Plymouth Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Fury preferred_label بلايموث فيوري
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Capri preferred_label Mercury Capri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Capri preferred_label マーキュリー・カプリ
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame preferred_label video game
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Street preferred_label street
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/giniCoefficientRanking preferred_label gini coefficient ranking
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/meanTemperature preferred_label mean temperature (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/artist preferred_label performer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AutoRacingLeague preferred_label auto racing league
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Camaro preferred_label 쉐보레 카마로
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Camaro preferred_label 雪佛兰卡玛洛
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Camaro preferred_label شيفروليه كمارو
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Camaro preferred_label シボレー・カマロ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Camaro preferred_label Chevrolet Camaro
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ShoppingMall preferred_label shopping mall
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cubicHectometre preferred_label cubicHectometre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Accord preferred_label 혼다 어코드
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Accord preferred_label 本田雅阁
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Accord preferred_label Honda Accord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Accord preferred_label ホンダ・アコード
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Accord preferred_label هوندا أكورد
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldsmobile_Cutlass preferred_label Oldsmobile Cutlass (1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldsmobile_Cutlass preferred_label أولدزموبيل كتلاس
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldsmobile_Cutlass preferred_label Oldsmobile Cutlass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fiesta preferred_label 福特Fiesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fiesta preferred_label فورد فييستا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fiesta preferred_label Ford Fiesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fiesta preferred_label フォード・フィエスタ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fiesta preferred_label 포드 피에스타
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goyaAward preferred_label Goya Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species preferred_label species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/diameter preferred_label diameter (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluencePlace preferred_label source confluence place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Chevy_II_/_Nova preferred_label Chevrolet Chevy II / Nova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Chevy_II_/_Nova preferred_label Chevrolet Nova (1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Chevy_II_/_Nova preferred_label Chevrolet Nova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Chevy_II_/_Nova preferred_label シボレー・ノヴァ
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FootballMatch preferred_label football match
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/son preferred_label son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Passat preferred_label 폭스바겐 파사트
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Passat preferred_label フォルクスワーゲン・パサート
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Passat preferred_label 大众帕萨特
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Passat preferred_label Volkswagen Passat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Passat preferred_label VW Passat
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/degreeCelsius preferred_label degreeCelsius
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/State preferred_label state
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OldTerritory preferred_label old territory
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/artisticFunction preferred_label artistic function
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldsmobile_Starfire preferred_label Oldsmobile Starfire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_LeMans preferred_label Pontiac LeMans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_LeMans preferred_label Pontiac LeMans (1962)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CricketLeague preferred_label cricket league
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buick_Regal preferred_label ビュイック・リーガル
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buick_Regal preferred_label Buick Regal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buick_Regal preferred_label 别克君威
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fileSize preferred_label size (B)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Malibu preferred_label シボレー・マリブ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Malibu preferred_label Chevrolet Malibu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Malibu preferred_label 쉐보레 말리부
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Malibu preferred_label Chevrolet Malibu (1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Malibu preferred_label 雪佛蘭邁銳寶
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Omni preferred_label ダッジ・オムニ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Omni preferred_label Dodge Omni
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsManager preferred_label sports manager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldsmobile_88 preferred_label Oldsmobile 88
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Enzyme preferred_label enzyme
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ethnicGroup preferred_label ethnic group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameAsOf preferred_label so named since
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Aspen preferred_label ダッジ・アスペン
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Aspen preferred_label Dodge Aspen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Aspen preferred_label Dodge Aspen / Plymouth Volaré
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/jurisdiction preferred_label jurisdiction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/industry preferred_label industry
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formationYear preferred_label formation year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_RX-7 preferred_label マツダ・RX-7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_RX-7 preferred_label 마쓰다 RX-7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_RX-7 preferred_label Mazda RX-7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_RX-7 preferred_label مازدا أر إكس-7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_RX-7 preferred_label 馬自達RX-7
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brain preferred_label brain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fencer preferred_label fencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Hornet preferred_label AMC Hornet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Hornet preferred_label AMC・ホーネット
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/classes preferred_label classes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Marquis preferred_label Mercury Marquis
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsequentWorkDate preferred_label subsequent work date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Event preferred_label event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AustralianFootballTeam preferred_label australian football Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orbitalPeriod preferred_label orbital period (s)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Starlet preferred_label Toyota Starlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Starlet preferred_label トヨタ・スターレット
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Starlet preferred_label تويوتا ستارليت
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceShuttle preferred_label space shuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geneReviewsId preferred_label geneReviewsId
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dissolutionDate preferred_label dissolution date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/restriction preferred_label restriction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Bluebird preferred_label Nissan Bluebird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Bluebird preferred_label Datsun Bluebird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Bluebird preferred_label 닛산 블루버드
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Bluebird preferred_label 日产蓝鸟
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Bluebird preferred_label 日産・ブルーバード
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Bluebird preferred_label نيسان بلوبيرد
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_124 preferred_label Fiat 124
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_124 preferred_label فيات 124
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_124 preferred_label フィアット・124
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_124 preferred_label 피아트 124
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_TR7 preferred_label Triumph TR7 e TR8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_TR7 preferred_label Triumph TR7
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ruling preferred_label ruling
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/archipelago preferred_label archipelago
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CapitalOfRegion preferred_label Capital of region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/administrator preferred_label administrator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/yearOfConstruction preferred_label year of construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Barracuda preferred_label 플리머스 바라쿠다
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Barracuda preferred_label プリムス・バラクーダ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Barracuda preferred_label Plymouth Barracuda
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ideology preferred_label ideology
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/engineer preferred_label engineer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon/width preferred_label width (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drama preferred_label drama
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geology preferred_label geology
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provCode preferred_label prove code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Coronet preferred_label Dodge Coronet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeEnd preferred_label route end
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Galaxie preferred_label فورد غالاكسي
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Galaxie preferred_label Ford Galaxie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Galaxie preferred_label フォード・ギャラクシー
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_New_Class preferred_label BMW nieuwe klasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_New_Class preferred_label BMW Neue Klasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_New_Class preferred_label BMW・ノイエクラッセ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_New_Class preferred_label BMW 1500
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_New_Class preferred_label BMW New Class
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdultActor preferred_label adult (pornographic) actor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Cressida preferred_label トヨタ・クレシーダ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Cressida preferred_label تويوتا كريسيدا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Cressida preferred_label Toyota Cressida
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectEndDate preferred_label project end date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GridironFootballPlayer preferred_label gridiron football player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/splitFromParty preferred_label split from party
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballLeague preferred_label american football league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianDoctrine preferred_label Christian Doctrine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/argueDate preferred_label argue date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/medication preferred_label medication
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sailor preferred_label Sailor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/astrazencaCumul preferred_label AstrazencaCumulativeDoses
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Asteroid preferred_label asteroid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/appearance preferred_label appearance
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/imperialBarrelOil preferred_label imperialBarrelOil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Monza preferred_label Chevrolet Monza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Monza preferred_label Chevrolet Monza (Vereinigte Staaten)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Monza preferred_label Chevrolet Monza (Ameryka Północna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Valiant preferred_label Valiant (automerk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Valiant preferred_label Plymouth Valiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Valiant preferred_label プリムス・ヴァリアント
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subprefecture preferred_label subprefecture
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/municipalityAbsorbedBy preferred_label absorbed by
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialLanguage preferred_label official language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/interest preferred_label interest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Ambassador preferred_label AMC Ambassador
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Instrument preferred_label Instrument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Type_4 preferred_label Volkswagen Typ 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Type_4 preferred_label Volkswagen Type 4 (411 & 412)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Type_4 preferred_label Volkswagen Type 4 : 411, 412
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Type_4 preferred_label VW Typ 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Type_4 preferred_label フォルクスワーゲン・タイプ4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Type_4 preferred_label Volkswagen 412
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Type_4 preferred_label Volkswagen Type 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Type_4 preferred_label Volkswagen Tipo 4
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canonizedDate preferred_label canonized date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lccn preferred_label LCCN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Civic preferred_label ホンダ・シビック
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Civic preferred_label 혼다 시빅
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Civic preferred_label هوندا سيفيك
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Civic preferred_label 本田思域
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Civic preferred_label Honda Civic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_Ventura preferred_label Pontiac Ventura
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MonoclonalAntibody preferred_label monoclonal antibody
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/JewishLeader preferred_label JewishLeader
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campusType preferred_label campus type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageAlcohol preferred_label percentage of alcohol
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsStartDate preferred_label active years start date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reservations preferred_label reservations
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fatalityRate preferred_label Fatality Rate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission preferred_label space mission
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/surinamDollar preferred_label surinamDollar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableFeatures preferred_label notable features
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Granada_(Europe) preferred_label فورد غرانادا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Granada_(Europe) preferred_label Ford Granada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Granada_(Europe) preferred_label Ford Granada (Eropa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Granada_(Europe) preferred_label 포드 그라나다
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Granada_(Europe) preferred_label フォード・グラナダ (ヨーロッパ)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Granada_(Europe) preferred_label Ford Granada (Europa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Granada_(Europe) preferred_label Ford Granada (Европа)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Granada_(Europe) preferred_label Ford Granada (Europe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Corolla preferred_label トヨタ・カローラ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Corolla preferred_label تويوتا كورولا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Corolla preferred_label Toyota Corolla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Corolla preferred_label 토요타 코롤라
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Corolla preferred_label 丰田卡罗拉
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_Newport preferred_label Chrysler Newport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/language preferred_label language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchRKDCode preferred_label Dutch RKD code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eruptionYear preferred_label eruption date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/brainInfoType preferred_label brain info type
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Violet preferred_label Datsun Violet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Violet preferred_label 日産・バイオレット
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Violet preferred_label Nissan Violet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buick_Estate preferred_label Buick Estate Wagon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buick_Estate preferred_label Buick Estate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volume preferred_label volume (μ³)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ControlledDesignationOfOriginWine preferred_label Controlled designation of origin wine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spy preferred_label Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buick_LeSabre preferred_label Buick LeSabre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthElevation preferred_label mouth elevation (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_Catalina preferred_label Pontiac Catalina
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Library preferred_label library
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/event preferred_label event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurFight preferred_label amateur fight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campus preferred_label campus
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bridgeCarries preferred_label bridge carries
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bibsysId preferred_label BIBSYS Id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/jointCommunity preferred_label joint community
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Bel_Air preferred_label シボレー・ベル・エアー
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Bel_Air preferred_label Chevrolet Bel Air
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmateurBoxer preferred_label amateur boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frequentlyUpdated preferred_label frequently updated
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerLeagueWinner preferred_label league champion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/postalCode preferred_label postal code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalOlympicCommittee preferred_label National Olympic Committee
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Nerve preferred_label nerve
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chef preferred_label chef
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LatterDaySaint preferred_label Latter Day Saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsequentWork preferred_label subsequent work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nonFictionSubject preferred_label non-fiction subject
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opel_Manta preferred_label أوبل مانتا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opel_Manta preferred_label オペル・マンタ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opel_Manta preferred_label Opel Manta
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInSingleFemale preferred_label champion in single female
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/recordLabel preferred_label record label
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_LeBaron preferred_label Chrysler LeBaron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_LeBaron preferred_label クライスラー・レバロン
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_Leone preferred_label スバル・レオーネ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_Leone preferred_label Subaru Leone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_Leone preferred_label Subaru L-Serie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_Leone preferred_label 速霸陸Leone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherName preferred_label other name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/anthem preferred_label anthem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePresident preferred_label vice president
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HollywoodCartoon preferred_label hollywood cartoon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicBand preferred_label Music Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Country_Squire preferred_label Ford Country Squire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Country_Squire preferred_label フォード・カントリー・スクワイア
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/basedOn preferred_label based on
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inclination preferred_label inclination
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TrackList preferred_label track list
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalDiscs preferred_label total discs
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork preferred_label artwork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pandemic preferred_label Pandemic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldsmobile_Cutlass_Ciera preferred_label Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Dancer preferred_label dancer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WomensTennisAssociationTournament preferred_label Women's Tennis Association tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/compiler preferred_label compiler
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/ukrainianHryvnia preferred_label ukrainianHryvnia
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/autonomy preferred_label autonomy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/automobileModel preferred_label automobile model
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfEpisodes preferred_label number of episodes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstPublisher preferred_label first publisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_Firebird preferred_label Pontiac Firebird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_Firebird preferred_label بونتياك فايربيرد
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_Firebird preferred_label ポンティアック・ファイヤーバード
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_Firebird preferred_label 龐蒂克火鳥
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_Firebird preferred_label 폰티액 파이어버드
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicSubject preferred_label academic subject
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Sunny preferred_label نيسان صني
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Sunny preferred_label Nissan Sunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Sunny preferred_label 日産・サニー
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Sunny preferred_label 日產Sunny
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfPlayer preferred_label golf player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flower preferred_label flower
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vehicle preferred_label vehicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Caprice preferred_label シボレー・カプリス
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Caprice preferred_label شيفروليه كابريس
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Caprice preferred_label Chevrolet Caprice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Caprice preferred_label 쉐보레 카프리스
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/output preferred_label output
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthDistrict preferred_label mouth district
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Cavalier preferred_label シボレー・キャバリエ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Cavalier preferred_label Chevrolet Cavalier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Cavalier preferred_label Chevrolet Cavalier (Ameryka Północna)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfNeighbourhood preferred_label number of neighbourhood
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seiyu preferred_label seiyu
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SnookerChamp preferred_label snooker world champion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/patent preferred_label patent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nord preferred_label NORD
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associateStar preferred_label associateStar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BullFighter preferred_label bullfighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fairmont preferred_label Ford Fairmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Fairmont preferred_label Ford Fairmont (Ameryka Północna)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BroadcastNetwork preferred_label broadcast network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Corona preferred_label 토요타 코로나
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Corona preferred_label Toyota Corona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Corona preferred_label トヨタ・コロナ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Corona preferred_label تويوتا كورونا
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thirdCommander preferred_label third commander
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Biomolecule preferred_label Biomolecule
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country preferred_label country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldsmobile_Cutlass_Supreme preferred_label Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mascot preferred_label mascot
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/areaUrban preferred_label area urban (km2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfOrbits preferred_label number of orbits
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableIdea preferred_label notableIdea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/residence preferred_label residence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Spirit preferred_label AMC Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/comic preferred_label comic
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentTeamManager preferred_label current team manager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeIndex preferred_label code on index
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/child preferred_label child
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spacecraft preferred_label spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfTeams preferred_label number of teams
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/part preferred_label part
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_140_Series preferred_label Volvo 100-serie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_140_Series preferred_label Volvo 140
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_140_Series preferred_label Volvo 140 Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_140_Series preferred_label 沃尔沃140系列
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_140_Series preferred_label ボルボ・140
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_140_Series preferred_label Volvo Serie 100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Pacer preferred_label AMC Pacer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Pacer preferred_label AMC・ペーサー
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foresterDistrict preferred_label foresterDistrict
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/Temperature preferred_label Temperature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/greenLongDistancePisteNumber preferred_label green long distance piste number
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Matador preferred_label أي إم سي ماتادور
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Matador preferred_label AMC Matador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Matador preferred_label AMC・マタドール
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Document preferred_label document
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/patronSaint preferred_label patron saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spreadsheet preferred_label Spreadsheet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/upperAge preferred_label upper age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datsun_510 preferred_label Datsun Bluebird 1600SSS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datsun_510 preferred_label Datsun 510
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datsun_510 preferred_label Datsun Fairlady 1600
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AustralianFootballLeague preferred_label australian football league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PlayWright preferred_label Playwright
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudioAlbums preferred_label number of studio albums
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/yearElevationIntoNobility preferred_label year of elevation into the nobility
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commune preferred_label commune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_Safari preferred_label Pontiac Safari
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associatedBand preferred_label associated band
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentElevation preferred_label government elevation (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relatedMeanOfTransportation preferred_label related mean of transportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballPlayer preferred_label baseball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/features preferred_label features
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/free preferred_label free
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastRepeater preferred_label broadcast repeater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distance preferred_label distance (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfBombs preferred_label number of bombs
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TennisTournament preferred_label tennis tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chef preferred_label chef
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crest preferred_label crest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_Cordoba preferred_label クライスラー・コルドバ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_Cordoba preferred_label Chrysler Cordoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_Cordoba preferred_label Chrysler Cordoba (B-Body)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Chevelle preferred_label Chevrolet Chevelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Chevelle preferred_label شيفروليه شفيل
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Chevelle preferred_label シボレー・シェベル
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentClosingSeason preferred_label closing season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flagBearer preferred_label flag bearer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoapCharacter preferred_label soap character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rower preferred_label rower
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalPopulation preferred_label total population
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/citizenship preferred_label citizenship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway preferred_label travellator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/acquirementDate preferred_label date of acquirement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/population preferred_label population
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/battery preferred_label battery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bedCount preferred_label bed count
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dailyVaccinationsPerMillion preferred_label Daily Vaccinations Per Million
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/theology preferred_label Theology
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfReactors preferred_label number of reactors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Concord preferred_label AMC Concord
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Vaccine preferred_label vaccine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buick_Skylark preferred_label Buick Skylark
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CurlingLeague preferred_label curling league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gender preferred_label gender
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/redListIdNL preferred_label red list ID NL
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerLeagueRelegated preferred_label relegated teams
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BritishRoyalty preferred_label British royalty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/absoluteMagnitude preferred_label absolute magnitude
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalLeader preferred_label political leader
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInDouble preferred_label champion in double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Camera preferred_label camera
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationMetroDensity preferred_label population metro density (/sqkm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distributingCompany preferred_label distributing company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/meanRadius preferred_label mean radius (km)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumInclination preferred_label minimum inclination
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation preferred_label organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastProMatch preferred_label last pro match
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/certification preferred_label certification
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/juniorYearsEndYear preferred_label junior years end year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Vicar preferred_label vicar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationality preferred_label nationality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FileSystem preferred_label File system
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtChampionships preferred_label wins at championships
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/poleDriverTeam preferred_label pole driver team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_Luce preferred_label 마쓰다 루체
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_Luce preferred_label マツダ・ルーチェ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_Luce preferred_label Mazda Luce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_Luce preferred_label 馬自達Luce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_Luce preferred_label مازدا أر 130
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subjectOfPlay preferred_label subject of play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pyramid preferred_label Pyramid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher preferred_label philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Device preferred_label device
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist preferred_label scientist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastNetwork preferred_label broadcast network
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicFormat preferred_label musicFormat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete preferred_label athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/surfaceType preferred_label type of surface
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bank preferred_label bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_200_Series preferred_label Volvo Serie 200
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_200_Series preferred_label Volvo 200-serie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_200_Series preferred_label Volvo 240
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_200_Series preferred_label ボルボ・240
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_200_Series preferred_label 沃尔沃200系列
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_200_Series preferred_label Volvo 200
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_200_Series preferred_label Volvo 200 Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_200_Series preferred_label Volvo 200 Серії
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/route preferred_label route
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/virtualChannel preferred_label virtual channel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent preferred_label agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/created preferred_label created
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GeopoliticalOrganisation preferred_label geopolitical organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Atoll preferred_label atoll
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Train preferred_label train
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastElectionDate preferred_label last election date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/openAccessContent preferred_label open access content
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SambaSchool preferred_label samba school
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionType preferred_label region type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/student preferred_label student
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/college preferred_label college
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fastestDriverTeam preferred_label fastest driver team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ncbhof preferred_label ncbhof
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/typeOfStorage preferred_label type of storage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Thunderbird preferred_label Ford Thunderbird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Thunderbird preferred_label 포드 선더버드
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Thunderbird preferred_label フォード・サンダーバード
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Casino preferred_label casino
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MouseGeneLocation preferred_label MouseGeneLocation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/polePosition preferred_label pole position
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Village preferred_label village
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sisterCollege preferred_label sister college
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Colt preferred_label Dodge Colt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Colt preferred_label ダッジ・コルト
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/settingOfPlay preferred_label setting of play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stockExchange preferred_label Registered at Stock Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/hongKongDollar preferred_label hongKongDollar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectBudgetFunding preferred_label project budget funding ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sales preferred_label sales
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/khlDraftYear preferred_label khl draft year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastLaunchDate preferred_label last launch date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Restaurant preferred_label restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/productionStartDate preferred_label production start date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStars preferred_label number of stars
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon preferred_label weapon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managerYearsEndYear preferred_label manager years end year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSoccerPlayerInCountryRepre preferred_label number of SoccerPlayers in Country Repre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cipher preferred_label Cipher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ko preferred_label ko
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalEvent preferred_label natural event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alliance preferred_label alliance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/khlDraftTeam preferred_label khl draft team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerCoach preferred_label former coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumDepth preferred_label maximum depth (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wineRegion preferred_label wine region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/neighbourConstellations preferred_label neighbour constellations
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastFlight preferred_label last flight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement preferred_label settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canBaggageChecked preferred_label can baggage checked
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalPlace preferred_label capital place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oldProvince preferred_label old province
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statisticValue preferred_label statistic value
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingImage preferred_label moving image
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vonKlitzingConstant preferred_label von Klitzing electromagnetic constant (RK)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deity preferred_label deity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building/floorArea preferred_label floor area (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_5 preferred_label 르노 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_5 preferred_label رينو 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_5 preferred_label ルノー・5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_5 preferred_label 雷諾5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_5 preferred_label Renault 5
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Quote preferred_label Quote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agencyStationCode preferred_label agency station code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/emmyAward preferred_label Emmy Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minorityFloorLeader preferred_label minority floor leader
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/disease preferred_label disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/averageDepthQuote preferred_label average depth quote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondCommander preferred_label second commander
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsStartYear preferred_label active years start year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Actor preferred_label actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/demonym preferred_label demonym
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ridId preferred_label RID Id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainOrgan preferred_label main organ
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cpu preferred_label CPU
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NetballPlayer preferred_label netball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Treadmill preferred_label Treadmill
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dfE preferred_label DfE
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/creationYear preferred_label year of creation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Novel preferred_label novel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/egafdId preferred_label egafd id
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Duster preferred_label Plymouth Duster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stationEvaDuration preferred_label station EVA duration (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seniunija preferred_label seniunija
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage preferred_label programming language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capacity preferred_label capacity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/drama preferred_label drama
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarEvaTime preferred_label lunar EVA time (s)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/astronomicalUnit preferred_label astronomicalUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canonizedPlace preferred_label canonized place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refseq preferred_label RefSeq
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lethalOnRats preferred_label lethal when given to rats
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mergedSettlement preferred_label merged settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/topic preferred_label topic
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentWorldChampion preferred_label current world champion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ligament preferred_label ligament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GrandPrix/course preferred_label course (km)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ranking preferred_label ranking
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prefect preferred_label prefect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/westPlace preferred_label west place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/showJudge preferred_label showJudge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtLAGT preferred_label wins at LAGT
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/waterPercentage preferred_label water percentage of a place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Mustang_(second_generation) preferred_label Ford Mustang (deuxième génération)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Mustang_(second_generation) preferred_label Ford Mustang (second generation)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToNearestCity preferred_label distance to nearest city (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsGroup preferred_label Alps group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthRegion preferred_label mouth region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/end preferred_label end
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Golf preferred_label フォルクスワーゲン・ゴルフ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Golf preferred_label 大众高尔夫
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Golf preferred_label 폭스바겐 골프
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Golf preferred_label Volkswagen Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Golf preferred_label فولكسفاغن غولف
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Golf preferred_label VW Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Gremlin preferred_label AMC Gremlin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mosque preferred_label mosque
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVineyards preferred_label number of vineyards
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaUrban preferred_label area urban (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millSpan preferred_label mill span (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DisneyCharacter preferred_label disney character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/manufacturer preferred_label manufacturer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Broadcaster preferred_label broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalAffiliation preferred_label national affiliation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MicroRegion preferred_label micro-region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballPlayer preferred_label american football player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Poem preferred_label poem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_RX-3 preferred_label Mazda RX-3
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/architecturalStyle preferred_label architectural style
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist preferred_label musical artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/film preferred_label film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterMultirole preferred_label aircraft helicopter multirole
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/patron preferred_label patron
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TradeUnion preferred_label trade union
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/humanDevelopmentIndexRankingCategory preferred_label human development index (HDI) category
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stateOfOriginPoint preferred_label state of origin point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peugeot_505 preferred_label 標緻505
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peugeot_505 preferred_label プジョー・505
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peugeot_505 preferred_label Peugeot 505
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peugeot_505 preferred_label بيجو 505
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/pakistaniRupee preferred_label pakistaniRupee
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchWinkelID preferred_label Dutch PPN code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/academyAward preferred_label Academy Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/combatant preferred_label combatant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Locomotive preferred_label locomotive
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sameName preferred_label same name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProduct preferred_label gross domestic product (GDP)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant preferred_label plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HockeyTeam preferred_label hockey team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Protocol preferred_label Protocol
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/address preferred_label address
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BeachVolleyballPlayer preferred_label beach volleyball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fuel preferred_label fuel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClassicalMusicComposition preferred_label classical music composition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coachingRecord preferred_label coaching record
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryOrigin preferred_label country origin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Media preferred_label media
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cleric preferred_label cleric
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HighDiver preferred_label high diver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPlace preferred_label population place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ski_jumper preferred_label ski jumper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Blazon preferred_label Blazon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/colorChart preferred_label colorChart
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lymph preferred_label lymph
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/quotation preferred_label quotation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/jockey preferred_label jockey
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeLine preferred_label line
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Colour preferred_label colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/satScore preferred_label SAT score
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicDirector preferred_label music director
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/closingFilm preferred_label closing film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Municipality preferred_label municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchNAIdentifier preferred_label Identifier for Duch National Archive
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pandemicDeaths preferred_label Deaths
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/waterwayThroughTunnel preferred_label waterway through tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal preferred_label criminal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/registry preferred_label registry
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderFunction preferred_label leaderFunction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasInsidePlace preferred_label has inside place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon/weight preferred_label weight (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LightNovel preferred_label light novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Ranger preferred_label Ford Ranger (homonymie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Ranger preferred_label Ford Ranger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/games preferred_label games
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousWorkDate preferred_label previous work date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToCardiff preferred_label distance to Cardiff (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeDanseScore preferred_label free danse score
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deputy preferred_label deputy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filename preferred_label filename
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Monarch preferred_label Mercury Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/giniCoefficientAsOf preferred_label gini coefficient as of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestMountain preferred_label highest mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/division preferred_label division
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CanadianFootballLeague preferred_label liga de fútbol canadiense
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthYear preferred_label birth year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Charger_(B-body) preferred_label Dodge Charger (B-body)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pandemic preferred_label Pandemic
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/effectiveRadiatedPower preferred_label effectiveRadiatedPower (W)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ageRange preferred_label age range
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/army preferred_label army
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Department preferred_label department
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/executiveProducer preferred_label executive producer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/builder preferred_label builder
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect preferred_label insect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sales preferred_label sales
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMembersAsOf preferred_label number of members as of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station preferred_label station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryUnit preferred_label military unit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicalBand preferred_label musical band
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/liberationDate preferred_label date of liberation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canton preferred_label canton
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Nebula preferred_label Nebula
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/molecularWeight preferred_label molecular weight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orbitalEccentricity preferred_label orbital eccentricity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gdpPerCapita preferred_label gross domestic product (GDP) per capita
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comic preferred_label comic
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principalArea preferred_label principal area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mirDockings preferred_label mir dockings
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associatedAct preferred_label associated act
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/model preferred_label model
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/animal preferred_label animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crewMember preferred_label crew member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CyclingLeague preferred_label cycling league
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Satellite preferred_label プリムス・サテライト
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Satellite preferred_label Plymouth Satellite
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/decibar preferred_label decibar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/titleDouble preferred_label title double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/architectualBureau preferred_label architectual bureau
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/awayColourHexCode preferred_label colour hex code of away jersey or its parts
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BrownDwarf preferred_label brown dwarf
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClassicalMusicArtist preferred_label classical music artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/architect preferred_label architect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/significantBuilding preferred_label significant building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_Capella preferred_label 馬自達626
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_Capella preferred_label 마쓰다 카펠라
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_Capella preferred_label Mazda 626
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_Capella preferred_label マツダ・カペラ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_Capella preferred_label مازدا كابيلا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_Capella preferred_label Mazda Capella
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/series preferred_label series
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Resume preferred_label Resume
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPeerReviewed preferred_label is peer reviewed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ginkgo preferred_label ginkgo
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regime preferred_label regime
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elementBlock preferred_label element block
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/suppreddedDate preferred_label suppredded date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainArtist preferred_label main artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldTournamentSilver preferred_label world tournament silver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousWork preferred_label previous work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourcePosition preferred_label source position
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BowlingLeague preferred_label bowling league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsMajorSector preferred_label Alps major sector
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PublicTransitSystem preferred_label public transit system
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RacingDriver preferred_label racing driver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfGraves preferred_label number of graves
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/belizeDollar preferred_label belizeDollar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/beatifiedBy preferred_label beatified by
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Biathlete preferred_label Biathlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activity preferred_label activity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/access preferred_label access
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tvShow preferred_label tvShow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalMaximumBoatLength preferred_label original maximum boat length (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brewery preferred_label brewery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hand preferred_label hand
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fcRuns preferred_label FC runs
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/binomial preferred_label binomial
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/manufactory preferred_label manufactory
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Diploma preferred_label diploma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_3_Series_(E46) preferred_label BMW Série 3 (E46)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_3_Series_(E46) preferred_label BMW Seri 3 (E46)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_3_Series_(E46) preferred_label BMW e46
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_3_Series_(E46) preferred_label BMW 3 Series (E46)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_3_Series_(E46) preferred_label بي ام دبليو E46
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_3_Series_(E46) preferred_label BMW E46
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_3_Series_(E46) preferred_label BMW 3系列 (E46)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_3_Series_(E46) preferred_label BMW・E46
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_3_Series_(E46) preferred_label BMW řady 3 (E46)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_3_Series_(E46) preferred_label BMW 3 Серії (E46)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/passengersPerDay preferred_label passengers per day
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officerInCharge preferred_label officer in charge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsMainPart preferred_label Alps main part
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/homeColourHexCode preferred_label colour hex code of home jersey or its parts
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BodyOfWater preferred_label body of water
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/squadNumber preferred_label squad number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eyeColour preferred_label eye colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SingleList preferred_label single list
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CombinationDrug preferred_label combination drug
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/templateName preferred_label template name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Activity preferred_label activity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Pinto preferred_label فورد بينتو
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Pinto preferred_label フォード・ピント
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Pinto preferred_label Ford Pinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Pinto preferred_label 포드 핀토
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Pinto preferred_label 福特平托
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RecordOffice preferred_label Record Office
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/diameter preferred_label diameter (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/europeanUnionEntranceDate preferred_label european union entrance date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rebuildDate preferred_label rebuild date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeStart preferred_label route start
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/programmeFormat preferred_label programme format
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrestlingEvent preferred_label wrestling event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryBranch preferred_label military branch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Archaea preferred_label archaea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastAppearance preferred_label last appearance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LacrosseLeague preferred_label lacrosse league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicOathSwornByJudge preferred_label olympic oath sworn by judge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderParty preferred_label leader party
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/artificialSnowArea preferred_label artificial snow area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/choreographer preferred_label choreographer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/averageSpeed preferred_label average speed (kmh)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/millipascal preferred_label millipascal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/organisationMember preferred_label organisation member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/centuryBreaks preferred_label century breaks
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/entrezgene preferred_label EntrezGene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Tercel preferred_label Toyota Tercel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Tercel preferred_label トヨタ・ターセル
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Tercel preferred_label تويوتا تيرسل
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProductAsOf preferred_label gross domestic product as of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/restingDate preferred_label resting date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River preferred_label river
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Linguist preferred_label linguist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestRegion preferred_label lowest region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VolleyballLeague preferred_label volleyball league
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/canadianDollar preferred_label canadianDollar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/faaLocationIdentifier preferred_label FAA Location Identifier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/internationally preferred_label internationally
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumTemperature preferred_label minimum temperature (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/actScore preferred_label ACT score
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldOpen preferred_label world open
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/mauritianRupee preferred_label mauritianRupee
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/programmingLanguage preferred_label programming language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/genre preferred_label genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vehiclesInFleet preferred_label vehicle types in fleet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bgafdId preferred_label bgafd id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/depth preferred_label depth (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/availableSmartCard preferred_label available smart card
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/equity preferred_label equity ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Painter preferred_label painter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endDateTime preferred_label end date and time
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grindingCapability preferred_label grinding capability
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_Sunbird preferred_label Pontiac Sunbird
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioProgram preferred_label ریڈیو پروگرام
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/doctoralAdvisor preferred_label doctoral advisor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pendamicDeaths preferred_label Deaths
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageLiteracyWomen preferred_label percentage of a place's female population that is literate, degree of analphabetism
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateAgreement preferred_label date of an agreement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Project preferred_label project
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballTeam preferred_label american football Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeEndLocation preferred_label route end location
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Grand_Marquis preferred_label Mercury Grand Marquis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Grand_Marquis preferred_label 머큐리 그랜드 마퀴스
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Grand_Marquis preferred_label マーキュリー・グランドマーキー
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Grand_Marquis preferred_label ميركوري غراند ماركيز
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/valvetrain preferred_label valvetrain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Population preferred_label population
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vein preferred_label vein
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtLPGA preferred_label wins at LPGA
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/saint preferred_label saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/kingdom preferred_label kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/galleryItem preferred_label gallery item
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceStation/volume preferred_label volume (μ³)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstentions preferred_label abstentions
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/plant preferred_label plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathPlace preferred_label death place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageOutDegree preferred_label Wiki page out degree
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Temple preferred_label temple
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/angolanKwanza preferred_label angolanKwanza
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile preferred_label automobile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FormulaOneRacer preferred_label Formula One racer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/historicalMap preferred_label historical map
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OrganisationMember preferred_label Organisation member
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_12 preferred_label ルノー・12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_12 preferred_label رينو 12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_12 preferred_label Renault 12
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/surfaceArea preferred_label surface area (km2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CanadianFootballTeam preferred_label canadian football Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DocumentType preferred_label Document Type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/discovered preferred_label discovery date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single preferred_label single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/departmentCode preferred_label محکمہ کا کوڈ
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeJunction preferred_label route junction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/suborbitalFlights preferred_label suborbital flights
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GrossDomesticProductPerCapita preferred_label gross domestic product per capita
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RoadTunnel preferred_label road tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/circle preferred_label region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rolandGarrosDouble preferred_label roland garros double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsystemLink preferred_label subsystem link
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/academicAdvisor preferred_label academic advisor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sound preferred_label sound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prefaceBy preferred_label author of preface
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerLeagueSeason preferred_label season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/issDockings preferred_label iss dockings
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/uncle preferred_label uncle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/localizationThumbnailCaption preferred_label legend thumbnail localization
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coden preferred_label CODEN
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/schoolPatron preferred_label school patron
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tenure preferred_label tenure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/believers preferred_label Believers
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastLaunchRocket preferred_label last launch rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/height preferred_label height (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft preferred_label aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hsvCoordinateValue preferred_label value coordinate in the HSV colour space
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elementPeriod preferred_label element period
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saab_99 preferred_label Saab 99
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saab_99 preferred_label サーブ・99
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/identificationSymbol preferred_label identification symbol
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral preferred_label mineral
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Competition preferred_label competition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tower preferred_label tower
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bigPoolRecord preferred_label big pool record
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/satellitesDeployed preferred_label satellites deployed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeNationalMonument preferred_label monument code (national)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award preferred_label award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/source preferred_label source
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/show preferred_label show
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentLastChampion preferred_label last champion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/historicalName preferred_label historical name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ruralMunicipality preferred_label rural municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballCoach preferred_label american football coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AutomobileEngine preferred_label automobile engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MedicalSpecialty preferred_label medical specialty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/policeName preferred_label police name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Instrumentalist preferred_label instrumentalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/veneratedIn preferred_label venerated in
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/roofHeight preferred_label roof height
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/almaMater preferred_label alma mater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endYearOfSales preferred_label end year of sales
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cardinal preferred_label cardinal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Citation preferred_label シボレー・サイテーション
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Citation preferred_label Chevrolet Citation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/credit preferred_label credit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Food preferred_label Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/father preferred_label father
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/achievement preferred_label achievement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/publiclyAccessible preferred_label publicly accessible
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/modelStartDate preferred_label model start date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TrainCarriage preferred_label train carriage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rector preferred_label rector
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Boxer preferred_label boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicGames preferred_label olympic games
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RaceTrack preferred_label race track
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Relationship preferred_label Relationship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/power preferred_label power
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationDensity preferred_label population density (/sqkm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/artPatron preferred_label patron (art)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meshId preferred_label MeSH ID
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainIsland preferred_label main island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtistDiscography preferred_label artist discography
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hipSize preferred_label hip size (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/school preferred_label school
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HumanGeneLocation preferred_label HumanGeneLocation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/definition preferred_label definition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millsCodeNLWindmotoren preferred_label millsCodeNLWindmotoren
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsystem preferred_label subsystem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usOpenDouble preferred_label us open double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/carbohydrate preferred_label carbohydrate (g)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalCollegiateAthleticAssociationAthlete preferred_label national collegiate athletic association athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalSoccerClub preferred_label national soccer club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/floodingDate preferred_label flooding date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament preferred_label golf tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/retentionTime preferred_label relation time
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hgncid preferred_label HGNCid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flyingHours preferred_label flying hours (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousEvent preferred_label previous event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shipDraft preferred_label ship draft (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfCourse preferred_label golf course
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/depictionDescription preferred_label depiction description (caption)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/satcat preferred_label SATCAT
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cultivatedVariety preferred_label cultivar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/silverMedalist preferred_label siler medalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elevationQuote preferred_label elevation quote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/idAllocine preferred_label Allocine ID
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSoccerPlayersBornInPlace preferred_label number of SoccerPlayers born in Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftFighter preferred_label aircraft fighter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsSubsection preferred_label Alps subsection
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subtitle preferred_label subtitle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MartialArtist preferred_label martial artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/river preferred_label river
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millsCodeNLVerdwenen preferred_label mill dissapeared code NL
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/memberOfParliament preferred_label Member of Parliament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/construction preferred_label construction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dosesSecond preferred_label DosesSecond
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/episode preferred_label episode
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Openswarm preferred_label Open Swarm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subGenus preferred_label subgenus
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CanadianFootballPlayer preferred_label canadian football Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/length preferred_label length (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainspan preferred_label mainspan (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalRegion preferred_label capital region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rocket preferred_label rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/moderna preferred_label Moderna
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeStartDirection preferred_label road start direction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfTrails preferred_label number of trails
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unitaryAuthority preferred_label unitary authority
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/authority preferred_label authority
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/order preferred_label order (taxonomy)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mission preferred_label mission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/productionCompany preferred_label production company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Family preferred_label family
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumDischarge preferred_label minimum discharge (m³/s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaQuote preferred_label area quote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/outflow preferred_label outflow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iafdId preferred_label iafd id
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/Density preferred_label Density
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastWin preferred_label last win
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manhua preferred_label manhua
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentMostSteady preferred_label most steady
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cubicYard preferred_label cubicYard
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/micrometre preferred_label micrometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionHost preferred_label television host
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstFlight preferred_label first flight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nutsCode preferred_label NUTS code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathCause preferred_label death cause
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestPlace preferred_label lowest place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principal preferred_label principal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticianSpouse preferred_label politician spouse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoftballLeague preferred_label softball league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chiefPlace preferred_label chief place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endPoint preferred_label end point
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Group preferred_label group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup preferred_label ethnic group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chromosome preferred_label chromosome
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place preferred_label place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUndergraduateStudents preferred_label number of undergraduate students
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RestArea preferred_label rest area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BeautyQueen preferred_label beauty queen
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SystemOfLaw preferred_label System of law
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startDate preferred_label start date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/servingSize preferred_label serving size (g)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/southWestPlace preferred_label south-west place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refgeo preferred_label reference for geographic data
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/victim preferred_label victim (resource)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CollectionOfValuables preferred_label collection of valuables
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/apcPresident preferred_label apc president
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/boilingPoint preferred_label boiling point (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Murderer preferred_label murderer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flagCaption preferred_label flag caption
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/movement preferred_label movement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentTeamMember preferred_label current team member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/supplies preferred_label supplies
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousTrackNumber preferred_label number of the previous track
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstDriverTeam preferred_label winning team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankInFinalMedalCount preferred_label rank in final medal count
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ocean preferred_label Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastPublicationDate preferred_label last publication date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TableTennisPlayer preferred_label table tennis player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/book preferred_label name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formula preferred_label formula
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GrossDomesticProduct preferred_label gross domestic product
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isHandicappedAccessible preferred_label is handicapped accessible
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentalAdministrativeRegion preferred_label governmental administrative region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Case preferred_label case
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalIliCases preferred_label Total Pandemic Cases
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/budgetYear preferred_label budget year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/origo preferred_label origo
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HandballPlayer preferred_label handball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy preferred_label galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Type_3 preferred_label Volkswagen Tipo 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Type_3 preferred_label VW Typ 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Type_3 preferred_label Volkswagen Type 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Type_3 preferred_label Volkswagen Typ 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Type_3 preferred_label フォルクスワーゲン・タイプ3
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/location preferred_label location
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/actingHeadteacher preferred_label acting headteacher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/width preferred_label width (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locationName preferred_label locationName
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landingDate preferred_label landing date
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/arubanGuilder preferred_label arubanGuilder
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/circuitLength preferred_label circuit length (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/layingDown preferred_label laying down
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop preferred_label Christian Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bustWaistHipSize preferred_label bust-waist-hip Size
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relics preferred_label relics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Noble preferred_label noble
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeMunicipalMonument preferred_label monument code (municipal)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/genomeDB preferred_label Genome DB
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ulanId preferred_label ULAN id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rightChild preferred_label right child
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult preferred_label olympic result
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/volume preferred_label volume (km3)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heritageRegister preferred_label heritage register
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/poleDriver preferred_label pole driver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sheading preferred_label sheading
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPixels preferred_label number of pixels (millions)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Guitarist preferred_label guitarist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arachnid preferred_label arachnid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoeNumber preferred_label shoe number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/homeArena preferred_label home arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Diplomat preferred_label Dodge Diplomat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Earthquake preferred_label earthquake
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/cargoWater preferred_label cargo water (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Priest preferred_label priest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/radio preferred_label radio
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/typeCoordinate preferred_label type coordinate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TopLevelDomain preferred_label top level domain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPctMen preferred_label population percentage male
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSportsEvents preferred_label number of sports events
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/missions preferred_label missions
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gaudiAward preferred_label Gaudí Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Shrine preferred_label shrine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPassengers preferred_label number of passengers
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstMention preferred_label first mention
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilolitre preferred_label kilolitre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Satellite preferred_label Satellite
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestPosition preferred_label lowest position
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Covid19 preferred_label COVID-19 pandemic
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/roleInEvent preferred_label A Person's role in an event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cycad preferred_label cycad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherChannel preferred_label other channel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialName preferred_label official name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthState preferred_label mouth state
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/channel preferred_label channel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/defeat preferred_label defeat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/noteOnRestingPlace preferred_label note on resting place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HandballTeam preferred_label handball team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/captureDate preferred_label capture date
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/millilitre preferred_label millilitre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/member preferred_label member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtOtherTournaments preferred_label wins at other tournaments
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statValue preferred_label stat value
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/albedo preferred_label albedo
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BoardGame preferred_label board game
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President preferred_label president
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfGoldMedalsWon preferred_label number of gold medals won
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/training preferred_label training
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SnookerPlayer preferred_label snooker player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iataAirlineCode preferred_label IATA code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature preferred_label periodical literature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endOccupation preferred_label end occupation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cylinderBore preferred_label cylinder bore (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OverseasDepartment preferred_label overseas department
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routePrevious preferred_label route previous stop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/functionEndDate preferred_label function end date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fuelType preferred_label fuel type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftRound preferred_label draft round
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bowlingSide preferred_label bowling side
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leader preferred_label leader
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal preferred_label academic journal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Medicine preferred_label Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer preferred_label engineer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal preferred_label canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerClub preferred_label soccer club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Amphibian preferred_label amphibian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/species preferred_label species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMunicipalities preferred_label Number Of Municipalities
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/symbol preferred_label Symbol
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/brother preferred_label brother
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spacewalkEnd preferred_label spacewalk end
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/perCapitaIncomeRank preferred_label per capital income rank
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ScientificConcept preferred_label Scientific concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainPass preferred_label mountain pass
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/diameter preferred_label diameter (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Torino preferred_label فورد تورينو
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Torino preferred_label Ford Gran Torino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Torino preferred_label Ford Torino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Torino preferred_label フォード・トリノ
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/openingTheme preferred_label opening theme
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goalsInLeague preferred_label goals in league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island preferred_label island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/medicalSpecialty preferred_label medical specialty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/boiler preferred_label boiler
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterObservation preferred_label aircraft helicopter observation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NobleFamily preferred_label Noble family
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProductRank preferred_label gross domestic product rank
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presidentRegionalCouncilMandate preferred_label mandate of the president council of the regional council
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalDistrict preferred_label capital district
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/appearancesInLeague preferred_label appearances in league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Woman preferred_label woman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/averageDepth preferred_label average depth (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agency preferred_label agency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfClasses preferred_label numberOfClasses
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/espnId preferred_label ESPN id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/colonialName preferred_label colonial name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/informationName preferred_label information name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/configuration preferred_label configuration
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/collaboration preferred_label collaboration
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/delegation preferred_label delegation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/name preferred_label name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/failedLaunches preferred_label failed launches
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoeSize preferred_label shoe size
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyLeague preferred_label rugby league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Winery preferred_label winery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfHoles preferred_label number of holes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coachClub preferred_label coach club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumBoatBeam preferred_label maximum boat beam (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/visitorsTotal preferred_label visitors total
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band preferred_label Band
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/complexion preferred_label complexion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftInterceptor preferred_label aircraft interceptor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/produces preferred_label produces
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousPopulationTotal preferred_label previous population total
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/areaTotal preferred_label area total (km2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/carNumber preferred_label car number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Presenter preferred_label presenter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dynasty preferred_label dynasty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lifeExpectancy preferred_label life expectancy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meltingPoint preferred_label melting point (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/weight preferred_label weight (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LawFirm preferred_label law firm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/webcast preferred_label webcast
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeamMember preferred_label Sports team member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PaintballLeague preferred_label paintball league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wineProduced preferred_label wine produced
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace preferred_label natural place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bacteria preferred_label bacteria
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/playRole preferred_label play role
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nonProfessionalCareer preferred_label non professional career
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/localAuthority preferred_label local authority
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wavelength preferred_label wavelength (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/beatifiedDate preferred_label beatified date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/IceHockeyLeague preferred_label ice hockey league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/district preferred_label district
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/size_v preferred_label size_v
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport preferred_label sport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/logo preferred_label logo
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bay preferred_label bay
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crews preferred_label crews
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headquarter preferred_label headquarter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inflow preferred_label inflow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/product preferred_label product
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/producer preferred_label producer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoctoralStudents preferred_label number of doctoral students
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/StillImage preferred_label still image
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SubMunicipality preferred_label borough
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/careerStation preferred_label career station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPartOf preferred_label is part of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tennisSurfaceType preferred_label type of tennis surface
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal/originalMaximumBoatLength preferred_label original maximum boat length (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Publisher preferred_label publisher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/branchFrom preferred_label branch from
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sea preferred_label sea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LegalCase preferred_label Legal Case
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currency preferred_label currency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestRankSingle preferred_label best rank single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/recordedIn preferred_label recorded in
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wins preferred_label wins
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/performer preferred_label performer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfOffices preferred_label number of offices
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanLeader preferred_label American Leader
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shortProgCompetition preferred_label short prog competition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rebbe preferred_label Rebbe
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairman preferred_label chairman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locatedInArea preferred_label located in area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bnfId preferred_label BNF Id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coemperor preferred_label coemperor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalEvent preferred_label historical event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ngcName preferred_label NGC name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Protein preferred_label protein
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volcanicActivity preferred_label volcanic activity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/boilerPressure preferred_label boiler pressure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ncaaSeason preferred_label ncaa season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crustacean preferred_label crustacean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/passengersPerYear preferred_label passengers per year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fungus preferred_label fungus
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondPopularVote preferred_label secondPopularVote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInHanjaKorean preferred_label name in Hanja-written (traditional) Korean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConcentrationCamp preferred_label Concentration camp
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rebellion preferred_label rebellion
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/euro preferred_label euro
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/damage preferred_label damage amount
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Battery preferred_label battery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/neighboringMunicipality preferred_label neighboring municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fastestDriverCountry preferred_label fastest driver country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bloodGroup preferred_label blood group
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/terawattHour preferred_label terawattHour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCollectionItems preferred_label number of items in collection
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Beverage preferred_label beverage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/expedition preferred_label expedition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crosses preferred_label crosses
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Type preferred_label type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVolunteers preferred_label number of volunteers
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HotSpring preferred_label hot spring
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Motorcycle preferred_label motorcycle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associationOfLocalGovernment preferred_label association of local government
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/binomialAuthority preferred_label binomial authority
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/significantDesign preferred_label significant design
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/age preferred_label age
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abbreviation preferred_label abbreviation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ambassador preferred_label ambassador
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInSingleMale preferred_label champion in single male
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/polishFilmAward preferred_label Polish Film Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associateEditor preferred_label associate editor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GrandPrix preferred_label Grand Prix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/averageAnnualGeneration preferred_label average annual gross power generation (J)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sculpture preferred_label Sculpture
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentTeam preferred_label current team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MultiVolumePublication preferred_label multi volume publication
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousDemographics preferred_label previous demographics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentType preferred_label government type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Beer preferred_label beer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/discipline preferred_label discipline
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fourthCommander preferred_label fourth commander
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ceiling preferred_label ceiling
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairmanTitle preferred_label chairman title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentProduction preferred_label current production
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestFinish preferred_label best ranking finish
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/territory preferred_label territory
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/battingSide preferred_label batting side
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sport preferred_label sport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/apofocus preferred_label apofocus
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilopond preferred_label kilopond
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deputy preferred_label deputy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Biologist preferred_label biologist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion preferred_label administrative region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/creator preferred_label creator (agent)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cost preferred_label cost ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Treaty preferred_label treaty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/style preferred_label style
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/existence preferred_label existence
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalRegion preferred_label Historical region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TheatreDirector preferred_label Theatre director
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthPlace preferred_label birth place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Name preferred_label name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/einecsNumber preferred_label EINECS number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmPolskiId preferred_label FilmPolski.pl id
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/danishKrone preferred_label danishKrone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageRedirects preferred_label Wikipage redirect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fdaUniiCode preferred_label FDA UNII code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalVaccinations preferred_label Total Vaccinations
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPages preferred_label number of pages
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fish preferred_label fish
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovieGenre preferred_label movie genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Factory preferred_label factory
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RomanEmperor preferred_label roman emperor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure preferred_label anatomical structure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionalLanguage preferred_label regional language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/length preferred_label length (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/appearancesInNationalTeam preferred_label appearances in national team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TopicalConcept preferred_label topical concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam preferred_label sports team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CardinalDirection preferred_label Cardinal direction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Algorithm preferred_label Algorithm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nciId preferred_label NCI
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodOfArtisticStyle preferred_label period of artistic style
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wsopItm preferred_label wsop itm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectReferenceID preferred_label project reference ID
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building preferred_label building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lcc preferred_label LCC
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hairColour preferred_label hair colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/closingDate preferred_label closing date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Demographics preferred_label demographics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/review preferred_label review
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/circuitName preferred_label circuit name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/groupCommemorated preferred_label group commemorated
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/beltwayCity preferred_label beltway city
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestWsopRank preferred_label best wsop rank
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amgid preferred_label amgId
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/occupation preferred_label occupation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Browser preferred_label Browser
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumAreaQuote preferred_label maximum area quote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usingCountry preferred_label using country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spokesperson preferred_label spokesperson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/visitorsPercentageChange preferred_label visitor percentage change
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/project preferred_label project
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championships preferred_label championships
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/loadLimit preferred_label load limit (g)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtNWIDE preferred_label wins at NWIDE
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballLeague preferred_label basketball league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/comparable preferred_label comparable
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runwayDesignation preferred_label designation of runway
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumElevation preferred_label maximum elevation (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainArticleForCategory preferred_label main article for Wikipedia category
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governor preferred_label governor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/literaryGenre preferred_label literary genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/signName preferred_label sign name of a hungarian settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grammyAward preferred_label Grammy Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endYearOfInsertion preferred_label end year of insertion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/YearInSpaceflight preferred_label year in spaceflight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure preferred_label architectural structure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/specialEffects preferred_label special effects
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leadership preferred_label leadership
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/assets preferred_label assets ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/editorTitle preferred_label editor title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentMostSuccesfull preferred_label most successfull
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lethalOnRabbits preferred_label lethal when given to rabbits
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endowment preferred_label endowment ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/brainInfoNumber preferred_label brain info number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/launch preferred_label launch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Garden preferred_label garden
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RocketEngine preferred_label rocket engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Port preferred_label Port
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/zdb preferred_label zdb
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/atomicNumber preferred_label atomic number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crew preferred_label crew
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Zoo preferred_label zoo
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fuelCapacity preferred_label fuel capacity (μ³)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CyclingRace preferred_label cycling race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unknownOutcomes preferred_label unknown outcomes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Referee preferred_label referee
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/island preferred_label island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/war preferred_label wars
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope preferred_label pope
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crewSize preferred_label crew size
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/openingDate preferred_label opening date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School preferred_label school
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School/campusSize preferred_label campus size (km2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaWater preferred_label area water (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runningMate preferred_label running mate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countySeat preferred_label county seat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volumeQuote preferred_label volume quote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managementRegion preferred_label management region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heightAttack preferred_label height attack
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionSeason preferred_label television season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaTotal preferred_label area total (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_D_Series preferred_label Dodge D Series
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Archipelago preferred_label archipelago
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City preferred_label city
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athletics preferred_label athletics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dcc preferred_label Dewey Decimal Classification
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InternationalOrganisation preferred_label international organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/observatory preferred_label observatory
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SerialKiller preferred_label serial killer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tunnel preferred_label tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship preferred_label ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/atRowNumber preferred_label row number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Dog preferred_label dog
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wsopWristband preferred_label wsop wristband
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace preferred_label historic place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsSeason preferred_label sports season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ElectricalSubstation preferred_label electrical substation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/orbitalPeriod preferred_label orbital period (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/catch preferred_label catch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorldHeritageSite preferred_label World Heritage Site
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceName preferred_label Source Name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/avgRevSizePerYear preferred_label Average size of the revision per year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioControlledRacingLeague preferred_label radio-controlled racing league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language preferred_label language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continent preferred_label continent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPlayers preferred_label number of players
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subdivisionName preferred_label subdivision name of the island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/disciple preferred_label disciple
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastLaunch preferred_label last launch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cmykCoordinateBlack preferred_label black coordinate in the CMYK space
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Baronet preferred_label baronet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nisCode preferred_label NIS code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tonyAward preferred_label Tony Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pluviometry preferred_label pluviometry
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fate preferred_label fate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/productionEndDate preferred_label production end date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldenCalfAward preferred_label Golden Calf Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road preferred_label road
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/membership preferred_label membership
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airport preferred_label airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter preferred_label comics character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Medician preferred_label medician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryWithFirstAstronaut preferred_label country with first astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/nautialMile preferred_label nautialMile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/penaltiesTeamB preferred_label Penalties Team B
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SnookerWorldRanking preferred_label snooker world ranking
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Robot preferred_label Robot
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/playerSeason preferred_label player season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/mass preferred_label mass (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/incumbent preferred_label incumbent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalFlight preferred_label final flight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/company preferred_label company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blackSkiPisteNumber preferred_label black ski piste number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/constellation preferred_label constellation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eventDescription preferred_label event description
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/differentialDiagnosis preferred_label differential diagnosis
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dischargeAverage preferred_label discharge average (m³/s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCreator preferred_label comics creator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/municipalityCode preferred_label municipality code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/version preferred_label version
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/raceLength preferred_label race length (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/guest preferred_label guest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament preferred_label member of parliament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/woRMS preferred_label WoRMS
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryWithFirstSpaceflight preferred_label country with first spaceflight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/afiAward preferred_label AFI Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/annualTemperature preferred_label annual temperature (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/collection preferred_label collection
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geneLocation preferred_label Gene Location
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/explorer preferred_label explorer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Globularswarm preferred_label Globular Swarm
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/yard preferred_label yard
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Theatre preferred_label theatre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/individualisedGnd preferred_label individualised GND number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpeedwayTeam preferred_label speedway team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceTraveled preferred_label distance traveled (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/victoryAsMgr preferred_label victory as manager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/templeYear preferred_label temple year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalDanseCompetition preferred_label original danse competititon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceLeader preferred_label vice leader
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rivalSchool preferred_label rival
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TheologicalConcept preferred_label Theological concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/selectionPoint preferred_label selection point
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInDoubleMale preferred_label champion in double male
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilonewton preferred_label kilonewton
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Regency preferred_label regency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherFamilyBranch preferred_label other branch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthName preferred_label birth name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLiveAlbums preferred_label number of live albums
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/selibrId preferred_label SELIBR Id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Curler preferred_label curler
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/author preferred_label author
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/imdbId preferred_label IMDB id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsEndYear preferred_label active years end year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLocations preferred_label number of locations
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/issn preferred_label issn
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/tonne preferred_label tonne
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iupacName preferred_label IUPAC name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Parish preferred_label parish
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/tonneForce preferred_label tonneForce
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure/length preferred_label length (km)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationRuralDensity preferred_label population density rural (/sqkm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rank preferred_label rank
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderTitle preferred_label leader title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formationDate preferred_label formation date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ideology preferred_label ideology
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/watercourse preferred_label watercourse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dean preferred_label dean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/externalOrnament preferred_label external ornament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/namedByLanguage preferred_label named by language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftUser preferred_label aircraft user
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird preferred_label bird
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTeamMatchPoint preferred_label national team match point
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relatedPlaces preferred_label related places
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicGamesSilver preferred_label olympic games silver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSeatsInParliament preferred_label number of seats in parliament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shipDisplacement preferred_label displacement (g)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vicePresident preferred_label vice president
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Jockey preferred_label jockey (horse racer)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Economist preferred_label economist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/UnitOfWork preferred_label unit of work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/uRN preferred_label unique reference number (URN)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parish preferred_label parish
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer preferred_label conifer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/modernaCumul preferred_label ModernaCumulativeDoses
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceState preferred_label source state
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsClub preferred_label sports club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/poleDriverCountry preferred_label pole driver country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nbRevPerYear preferred_label Number of revision per year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankingWins preferred_label ranking wins
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/greenSkiPisteNumber preferred_label green ski piste number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refseqprotein preferred_label refseq protein
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/superFamily preferred_label super-family
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/File preferred_label file
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vehiclesPerDay preferred_label vehicles per day
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Psychologist preferred_label psychologist
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/Pressure preferred_label Pressure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stateOfOrigin preferred_label state of origin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthMountain preferred_label mouth mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Egyptologist preferred_label egyptologist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/municipalityRenamedTo preferred_label a municipality's new name
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/fuelType preferred_label fuelType
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/squareMillimetre preferred_label squareMillimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioHost preferred_label radio host
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spacestation preferred_label spacestation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millsCodeBE preferred_label mill code BE
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minorityLeader preferred_label minority leader
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstProMatch preferred_label first pro match
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VolleyballPlayer preferred_label volleyball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerLeaguePromoted preferred_label promoted
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDoors preferred_label number of doors
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInSingle preferred_label champion in single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/raceHorse preferred_label race horse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Windmill preferred_label Windmill
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/redSkiPisteNumber preferred_label red ski piste number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow preferred_label television show
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateLastUpdated preferred_label Date Last Updated
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blazonLink preferred_label blazon link
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/description preferred_label description
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Humorist preferred_label humorist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elevatorCount preferred_label elevator count
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicGovernmentDepartment preferred_label politic government department
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hraState preferred_label hra state
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre preferred_label music genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/homeStadium preferred_label home stadium
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iso6393Code preferred_label ISO 639-3 code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hairs preferred_label hairs
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wingArea preferred_label wing area (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/membershipAsOf preferred_label date membership established
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/decideDate preferred_label decide date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicComposer preferred_label music composer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WindMotor preferred_label Wind motor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInSimplifiedChinese preferred_label name in Simplified Chinese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/titleDate preferred_label title date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/novel preferred_label novel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organ preferred_label organ
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parent preferred_label parent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Horse preferred_label horse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfEtoilesMichelin preferred_label number of étoiles Michelin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HandballLeague preferred_label handball league
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilobyte preferred_label kilobyte
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headChef preferred_label head chef
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/diameter preferred_label diameter (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmRuntime preferred_label film runtime (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStaff preferred_label number of staff
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/voltageOfElectrification preferred_label voltage of electrification (V)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millsCodeNL preferred_label mill code NL
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/consecration preferred_label consecration
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/legalArticle preferred_label legal article
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ReligiousBuilding preferred_label religious building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Memorial preferred_label memorial
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLawyers preferred_label number of lawyers
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/senior preferred_label senior
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/clothSize preferred_label cloth size
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/length preferred_label length (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Dike preferred_label dike
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Guitar preferred_label guitar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nominee preferred_label nominee
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/terabyte preferred_label terabyte
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/modelLineVehicle preferred_label type series
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unicode preferred_label unicode
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilovolt preferred_label kilovolt
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalMajority preferred_label political majority
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millsCodeDutch preferred_label mill code NL
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flora preferred_label flora
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rightTributary preferred_label right tributary
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/buildingType preferred_label buildingType
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Vein preferred_label vein
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/neighbourhood preferred_label neighbourhood of a hungarian settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iobdbId preferred_label IOBDB ID
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CityDistrict preferred_label city district
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pilot preferred_label Pilot
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/day preferred_label day
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aitaCode preferred_label aita code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/promotion preferred_label promotion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Entomologist preferred_label entomologist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Decoration preferred_label decoration
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/extinctionDate preferred_label extinction date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bird preferred_label bird
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathYear preferred_label death year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/disappearanceDate preferred_label date disappearance of a populated place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pfizerCumul preferred_label PfizerCumulativeDoses
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/closed preferred_label closed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/instrument preferred_label instrument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leaderName preferred_label leader name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/northWestPlace preferred_label north-west place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/conservationStatusSystem preferred_label conservation status system
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stadium preferred_label stadium
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/publisher preferred_label publisher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/defunct preferred_label Defunct
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Locality preferred_label locality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LineOfFashion preferred_label line of fashion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star preferred_label star
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teachingStaff preferred_label teaching staff
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/releaseDate preferred_label release date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaMetro preferred_label area metro (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain preferred_label mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ElectionDiagram preferred_label Election Diagram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestMountain preferred_label lowest mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/symptom preferred_label symptoms
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballTeam preferred_label baseball team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wptFinalTable preferred_label wpt final table
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProtectedArea preferred_label protected area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterAttack preferred_label aircraft helicopter attack
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mill preferred_label Mill
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PokerPlayer preferred_label poker player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/field preferred_label field
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter preferred_label fictional character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Game preferred_label game
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BadmintonPlayer preferred_label badminton player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LiteraryGenre preferred_label literary genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/severeCases preferred_label Severe Cases
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foundedBy preferred_label founded by
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/perpetrator preferred_label perpetrator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TeamMember preferred_label Team member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/code preferred_label code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Archive preferred_label Archive
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/allcinemaId preferred_label allcinema id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpeedSkater preferred_label speed skater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/land preferred_label land
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/height preferred_label height (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/linguisticsTradition preferred_label linguistics tradition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/opponents preferred_label opponents
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Election preferred_label Election
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/estonianKroon preferred_label estonianKroon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FashionDesigner preferred_label fashion designer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldMedalist preferred_label gold medalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deanery preferred_label deanery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Statistic preferred_label statistic
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstOwner preferred_label first owner
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eptItm preferred_label ept itm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dissolutionYear preferred_label dissolution year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subFamily preferred_label sub-family
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rebuildingYear preferred_label rebuilding year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startReign preferred_label start reign
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/launchVehicle preferred_label launch vehicle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ethnicity preferred_label ethnicity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon/length preferred_label length (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsEndDate preferred_label active years end date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GaelicGamesPlayer preferred_label Gaelic games player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/topSpeed preferred_label top speed (kmh)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ecNumber preferred_label EC number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/races preferred_label races
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seatingCapacity preferred_label seating capacity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Coach preferred_label coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerHighschool preferred_label former highschool
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PersonalEvent preferred_label personal event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mukhtar preferred_label mukthar of a lebanon settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream/discharge preferred_label discharge (m³/s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryCode preferred_label country code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wheelbase preferred_label wheelbase (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/operatingSystem preferred_label operating system
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/limit preferred_label limit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blueLongDistancePisteNumber preferred_label blue long distance piste number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer preferred_label writer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/diameter preferred_label diameter (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/productionEndYear preferred_label production end year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TennisLeague preferred_label tennis league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/umbrellaTitle preferred_label umbrella title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/province preferred_label province
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/competition preferred_label competition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rgbCoordinateRed preferred_label red coordinate in the RGB space
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cape preferred_label cape
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMusicalArtistInstrument preferred_label number of all MuscialArtist playing the instrument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/league preferred_label league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionDirector preferred_label Television director
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/solubility preferred_label solubility
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamPoint preferred_label team point
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricBuilding preferred_label historic building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monument preferred_label monument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/railGauge preferred_label rail gauge (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reportingMark preferred_label reporting mark
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister preferred_label prime minister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coastLength preferred_label length of a coast
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capital preferred_label capital
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mgiid preferred_label mgiid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstPublicationYear preferred_label first publication year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/focus preferred_label focus
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rating preferred_label rating
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/team preferred_label team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/depths preferred_label depths
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftPosition preferred_label draft position
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shareDate preferred_label share date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/era preferred_label era
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoot preferred_label shoot
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GrandPrix/distance preferred_label distance (km)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/keyPerson preferred_label key person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/partialFailedLaunches preferred_label partial failed launches
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ethnicGroupsInYear preferred_label ethnic groups in year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flagLink preferred_label flag Link
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/outputHistory preferred_label output history
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/solvent preferred_label solvent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/march preferred_label march
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousMission preferred_label previous mission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstPublicationDate preferred_label first publication date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberResistanceMovement preferred_label Member of a Resistance Movement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chEBI preferred_label ChEBI
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVisitors preferred_label number of visitors
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fansgroup preferred_label fansgroup
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lccnId preferred_label LCCN Id
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/zambianKwacha preferred_label zambianKwacha
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fauna preferred_label fauna
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalLanguage preferred_label original language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sexualOrientation preferred_label sexual orientation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chief preferred_label chief
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reference preferred_label reference
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pharaoh preferred_label Pharaoh
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/buildingEndDate preferred_label building end date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/drugs.com preferred_label drugs.com
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vicePrincipalLabel preferred_label vice principal label
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageWikiLink preferred_label Link from a Wikipage to another Wikipage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Olympics preferred_label olympics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/jstor preferred_label JSTOR
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Website preferred_label website
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor preferred_label mayor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/automobilePlatform preferred_label automobile platform
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iso6391Code preferred_label ISO 639-1 code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manor preferred_label Manor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageID preferred_label Wikipage page ID
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfHouses preferred_label number of houses present)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DartsPlayer preferred_label darts player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Constellation preferred_label constellation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtAsia preferred_label wins at ASIA
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cluster preferred_label cluster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elevation preferred_label elevation (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/computingPlatform preferred_label computing platform
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/length preferred_label length (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crater preferred_label crater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agglomerationArea preferred_label agglomeration area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthDate preferred_label birth date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/height preferred_label height (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/urbanArea preferred_label urban area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet preferred_label planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake preferred_label lake
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayTunnel preferred_label railway tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/connotation preferred_label connotation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/space preferred_label space
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum preferred_label museum
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alias preferred_label alias
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalStartPoint preferred_label original start point
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fees preferred_label fees ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalLostSingle preferred_label final lost single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bourgmestre preferred_label bourgmestre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/galicianSpeakersPercentage preferred_label galicianSpeakersPercentage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastArea preferred_label broadcast area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicOathSwornByAthlete preferred_label olympic oath sworn by athlete
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/Speed preferred_label Speed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Polysaccharide preferred_label polysaccharide
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/complications preferred_label complications
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/placeOfWorship preferred_label place of worship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foundationPlace preferred_label foundation place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerCallsign preferred_label former call sign
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/boxerStyle preferred_label boxing style
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olivierAward preferred_label Olivier Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/peopleVaccinated preferred_label People Vaccinated
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageModified preferred_label Wikipage modification datetime
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mount preferred_label mount
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cave preferred_label cave
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicBy preferred_label music by
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/popularVote preferred_label Number of votes given to candidate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/functionStartDate preferred_label function start date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationUrbanDensity preferred_label population urban density (/sqkm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lawyer preferred_label Lawyer
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/decametre preferred_label decametre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/launches preferred_label launches
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideogamesLeague preferred_label videogames league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/youthClub preferred_label youth club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/closeTo preferred_label is close to
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialSchoolColour preferred_label official school colour
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/saudiRiyal preferred_label saudiRiyal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PenaltyShootOut preferred_label penalty shoot-out
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mbaId preferred_label MBA Id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tram preferred_label streetcar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/varietals preferred_label varietals
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballTeam preferred_label basketball team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherActivity preferred_label other activity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headOfFamily preferred_label family head
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCounties preferred_label number of counties
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AustralianRulesFootballPlayer preferred_label Australian rules football player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPropertiesUsed preferred_label numberOfPropertiesUsed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startOccupation preferred_label start occupation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumTemperature preferred_label maximum temperature (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/supplementalDraftRound preferred_label supplemental draft round
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/beatifiedPlace preferred_label beatified place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPersonFromUniversity preferred_label number of entities of Person class who graduated from the university
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/campusSize preferred_label campus size (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerBroadcastNetwork preferred_label former broadcast network
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shipCrew preferred_label crew
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/footedness preferred_label Footedness
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Model preferred_label model
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ScreenWriter preferred_label screenwriter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfRockets preferred_label number of rockets
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software preferred_label software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skier preferred_label skier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/authorityMandate preferred_label authority mandate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalLaunches preferred_label total launches
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/railwayPlatforms preferred_label railway platforms
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hormone preferred_label Hormone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Convention preferred_label convention
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Opera preferred_label opera
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstBroadcast preferred_label first broadcast
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/academicDiscipline preferred_label academic discipline
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/areaMetro preferred_label area metro (km2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deme preferred_label deme
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minister preferred_label minister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/director preferred_label film director
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePrimeMinister preferred_label vice prime minister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maidenFlight preferred_label maiden flight
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gMonthDay preferred_label xsd:gMonthDay
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentCity preferred_label current city
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geologicPeriod preferred_label geologic period
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/education preferred_label education
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ResearchProject preferred_label research project
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/turkishLira preferred_label turkishLira
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianPatriarch preferred_label Christian Patriarch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/longName preferred_label longName
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfRestaurants preferred_label number of restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastPosition preferred_label last position
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subregion preferred_label subregion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/smiles preferred_label SMILES
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managingEditor preferred_label managing editor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town preferred_label town
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agglomerationPopulation preferred_label agglomeration population
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usopenWins preferred_label usopen wins
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latestPreviewDate preferred_label latest preview date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SumoWrestler preferred_label sumo wrestler
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ofsCode preferred_label ofs code of a settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Standard preferred_label standard
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VoiceActor preferred_label voice actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tie preferred_label tie
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startWqs preferred_label start wqs
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/impactFactor preferred_label impact factor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentStatus preferred_label current status
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/molarMass preferred_label molar mass
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wptItm preferred_label wpt itm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/length preferred_label length (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationRural preferred_label population rural
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProductPurchasingPowerParityPerCapita preferred_label gross domestic product purchasing power parity per capita
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicSubgenre preferred_label music subgenre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasOutsidePlace preferred_label has outside place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/portfolio preferred_label portfolio
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Image preferred_label image
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/doctoralStudent preferred_label doctoral student
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/resolution preferred_label resolution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/youthWing preferred_label youth wing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endDate preferred_label end date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bSide preferred_label b side
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/designer preferred_label designer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/university preferred_label university
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/settlement preferred_label settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/riverMouth preferred_label river mouth
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usurper preferred_label usurper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfLeague preferred_label golf league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankingsSingles preferred_label single rankings
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Employer preferred_label Employer
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/megametre preferred_label megametre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seniority preferred_label seniority
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/siren preferred_label siren number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/raceResult preferred_label race result
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GreenAlga preferred_label green alga
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gameEngine preferred_label Game Engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentRecord preferred_label current record
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/taxon preferred_label has taxon
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/argentinePeso preferred_label argentinePeso
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tree preferred_label tree
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/comment preferred_label comment
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/railwayRollingStock preferred_label railway rolling stock
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/mass preferred_label mass (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/throwingSide preferred_label throwing side
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/editing preferred_label editing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator preferred_label escalator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/averageClassSize preferred_label average class size
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalSubstance/density preferred_label density (μ3)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/whaDraftYear preferred_label wha draft year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canoeist preferred_label canoeist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/predecessor preferred_label predecessor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/duration preferred_label duration (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stadium preferred_label Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamCoached preferred_label team coached
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/length preferred_label length (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FigureSkater preferred_label figure skater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/imageSize preferred_label image size (px)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/speciality preferred_label speciality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurKo preferred_label amateur ko
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilowattHour preferred_label kilowattHour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reigningPope preferred_label reigning pope
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/schoolBoard preferred_label school board
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/width preferred_label width (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationMetro preferred_label population metro
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ascent preferred_label ascent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ceremonialCounty preferred_label Ceremonial County
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/guyanaDollar preferred_label guyanaDollar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/communityIsoCode preferred_label iso code of a community
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftBomber preferred_label aircraft bomber
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAirDate preferred_label first air date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/mass preferred_label mass (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicFestival preferred_label music festival
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/eastCaribbeanDollar preferred_label eastCaribbeanDollar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Minister preferred_label minister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/recoveryCases preferred_label Recovery Cases
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EducationalInstitution preferred_label educational institution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/width preferred_label width (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Law preferred_label law
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/newTaiwanDollar preferred_label newTaiwanDollar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeProvincialMonument preferred_label monument code (provinciall)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Archeologist preferred_label archeologist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/picturesCommonsCategory preferred_label pictures Commons category
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/measurements preferred_label measurements
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alongside preferred_label alongside
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/creativeDirector preferred_label creative director
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalPartyInLegislature preferred_label political party in legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Religious preferred_label religious
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locomotive preferred_label locomotive
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Annotation preferred_label Annotation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInMindongyuChinese preferred_label name in Mindongyu Chinese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/building preferred_label building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceModule preferred_label service module
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sisterStation preferred_label sister station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spouse preferred_label spouse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/raceTrack preferred_label race track
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RouteStop preferred_label route stop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfRun preferred_label number of run
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chief preferred_label Chief
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statusManager preferred_label status manager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/avgRevSizePerMonth preferred_label Average size of the revision per month
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manhwa preferred_label manhwa
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastAirDate preferred_label last air date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relation preferred_label relation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalTravellers preferred_label total travellers
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftTransport preferred_label aircraft transport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/temperature preferred_label temperature (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Outbreak preferred_label Outbreak
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/causedBy preferred_label caused by
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarSurfaceTime preferred_label lunar surface time (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/exhibition preferred_label exhibition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerPartner preferred_label former partner
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/media preferred_label media
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LunarCrater preferred_label lunar crater
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/belarussianRuble preferred_label belarussianRuble
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ReligiousOrganisation preferred_label religious organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/jutsu preferred_label jutsu
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtLET preferred_label wins at LET
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/senator preferred_label senator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fundedBy preferred_label funded by
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maidenFlightRocket preferred_label maiden flight rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/screenActorsGuildAward preferred_label Screen Actors Guild Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mayorArticle preferred_label mayor article
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/entourage preferred_label entourage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/allegiance preferred_label allegiance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governorGeneral preferred_label governor general
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Maverick_(Americas) preferred_label Ford Maverick (Americas)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/largestSettlement preferred_label largest settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherWorks preferred_label other works
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seasonNumber preferred_label season number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CelestialBody preferred_label celestial body
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalAnthem preferred_label National anthem
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/algerianDinar preferred_label algerianDinar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceRegion preferred_label source confluence region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondDriver preferred_label second driver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/federalState preferred_label federal state
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/usDollar preferred_label usDollar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/administrativeCollectivity preferred_label administrative collectivity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Province preferred_label province
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/signature preferred_label signature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/careerPrizeMoney preferred_label career prize money ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfBronzeMedalsWon preferred_label number of bronze medals won
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToEdinburgh preferred_label distance to Edinburgh (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalPublicationDate preferred_label final publication date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/country preferred_label country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/starring preferred_label starring
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/perifocus preferred_label perifocus
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wimbledonMixed preferred_label wimbledon mixed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMusicalArtistStyle preferred_label number of all MuscialArtist playing the style
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceWebsite preferred_label Source Website
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WinterSportPlayer preferred_label winter sport Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Holiday preferred_label holiday
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInTraditionalChinese preferred_label name in Traditional Chinese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cinematography preferred_label cinematography
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managerYearsStartYear preferred_label manager years start year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/width preferred_label width (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eptFinalTable preferred_label ept final table
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dockedTime preferred_label docked time (s)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/peruvianNuevoSol preferred_label peruvianNuevoSol
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lieutenancyArea preferred_label Lieutenancy area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/height preferred_label height (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mayorFunction preferred_label mayor function of a switzerland settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/skinColor preferred_label skin color
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/meanTemperature preferred_label mean temperature (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/canonizedBy preferred_label canonized by
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LaunchPad preferred_label launch pad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstLaunchRocket preferred_label first launch rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/conflict preferred_label conflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/registration preferred_label registration
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amsterdamCode preferred_label Amsterdam Code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bone preferred_label bone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iucnCategory preferred_label iucn category
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fastestLap preferred_label fastest lap
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/laterality preferred_label laterality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tattoo preferred_label tattoo
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/attorneyGeneral preferred_label attorney general
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/openingYear preferred_label opening year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal preferred_label animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/connectsReferencedTo preferred_label connects referenced to
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pretender preferred_label Pretender
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/classis preferred_label classis
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cableCar preferred_label cable car
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#double preferred_label xsd:double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/silCode preferred_label SIL code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToCapital preferred_label distance to capital (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/taoiseach preferred_label taoiseach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherLanguage preferred_label other language of a settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lock preferred_label lock
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalMountain preferred_label capital mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectType preferred_label project type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subPrefecture preferred_label subprefecture
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/artery preferred_label artery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provinceIsoCode preferred_label iso code of a province
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfGoals preferred_label number of goals scored
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Photographer preferred_label photographer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iataLocationIdentifier preferred_label IATA Location Identifier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aoCloassification preferred_label AO
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/specialization preferred_label specialization
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/Ratio preferred_label Ratio
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sculptor preferred_label sculptor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stateDelegate preferred_label state delegate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RollerCoaster preferred_label roller coaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foundingDate preferred_label founding date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tournament preferred_label tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cinema preferred_label cinema (movie theater)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TeamSport preferred_label team sport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeStockExchange preferred_label code Stock Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/collectionSize preferred_label country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectCoordinator preferred_label project coordinator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSeasons preferred_label number of seasons
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shareOfAudience preferred_label share of audience
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageFat preferred_label percentage of fat
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/minute preferred_label minute
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoloLeague preferred_label polo league
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/myanmaKyat preferred_label myanmaKyat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToBelfast preferred_label distance to Belfast (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeListOfHonour preferred_label code on List of Honour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalPartyOfLeader preferred_label political party of leader
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerLeague preferred_label soccer league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/apskritis preferred_label apskritis
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Database preferred_label Database
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/restaurant preferred_label hotel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/artistFunction preferred_label artist function
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceCountry preferred_label source country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeActivity preferred_label route activity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deadInFightPlace preferred_label dead in fight place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Church preferred_label church
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/cargoFuel preferred_label cargo fuel (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/radioStation preferred_label radio station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/majorityLeader preferred_label majority leader
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSpeakers preferred_label number of speakers
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/apoapsis preferred_label apoapsis (km)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maxApparentMagnitude preferred_label maximum apparent magnitude
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/naacpImageAward preferred_label NAACP Image Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/contractAward preferred_label contract award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryGovernment preferred_label military government
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inchi preferred_label The IUPAC International Chemical Identifier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FormulaOneRacing preferred_label formula one racing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reopened preferred_label reopened
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/opponent preferred_label opponent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stellarClassification preferred_label stellar classification
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/publicationDate preferred_label publication date
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/bulgarianLev preferred_label bulgarianLev
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluence preferred_label source confluence
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parkingInformation preferred_label parking information
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PersonFunction preferred_label person function
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange preferred_label mountain range
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch preferred_label monarch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentThisSeason preferred_label this season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CountrySeat preferred_label country estate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation preferred_label on-site mean of transportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Valley preferred_label valley
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/playingTime preferred_label playing time (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/riverBranch preferred_label branch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfParticipatingAthletes preferred_label number of participating athletes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/third preferred_label third
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClericalOrder preferred_label clerical order
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commandModule preferred_label command module
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deanery preferred_label deanery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WaterwayTunnel preferred_label waterway tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lieutenant preferred_label lieutenant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ncaaTeam preferred_label ncaa team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/colour preferred_label colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/religiousHeadLabel preferred_label religious head label
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSpans preferred_label number of spans
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumArea preferred_label maximum area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTournamentBronze preferred_label national tournament bronze
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/salary preferred_label salary ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/majorityFloorLeader preferred_label majority floor leader
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fileExtension preferred_label The extension of this file
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/juniorYearsStartYear preferred_label junior years start year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DigitalCamera preferred_label digital camera
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canton preferred_label canton
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/daylightSavingTimeZone preferred_label daylight saving time zone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtJLPGA preferred_label wins at JLPGA
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeNumber preferred_label route number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viafId preferred_label VIAF Id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/administrativeDistrict preferred_label administrative district
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nflTeam preferred_label nfl team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon/diameter preferred_label diameter (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/map preferred_label map
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TermOfOffice preferred_label term of office
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/status preferred_label status
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/daughter preferred_label daughter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCity preferred_label number of contries inside en continent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/temperature preferred_label temperature (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vaporPressure preferred_label vapor pressure (hPa)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/family preferred_label family
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Castle preferred_label castle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SolarEclipse preferred_label solar eclipse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/recentWinner preferred_label recent winner
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wptTitle preferred_label wpt title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elementAbove preferred_label element above
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/density preferred_label density (μ3)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/asiaChampionship preferred_label asia championship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalChampionship preferred_label national championship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/handedness preferred_label handedness
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eastPlace preferred_label east place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/premiereDate preferred_label premiere date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUniqeResources preferred_label numberOfUniqeResources
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pseudonym preferred_label pseudonym
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Synagogue preferred_label synagogue
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flagSize preferred_label flagSize
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/security preferred_label security
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bronzeMedalSingle preferred_label bronze medal single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mergerDate preferred_label merger date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeamSeason preferred_label sports team season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/plays preferred_label plays
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pgaWins preferred_label pga wins
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/atcPrefix preferred_label ATC prefix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originallyUsedFor preferred_label originally used for
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hybrid preferred_label hybrid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovieDirector preferred_label Movie director
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/weapon preferred_label weapon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chemSpiderId preferred_label ChemSpider Id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstLeader preferred_label firstLeader
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comedian preferred_label comedian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/callSign preferred_label call sign
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/anniversary preferred_label anniversary
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceText preferred_label sourceText
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalTitle preferred_label original title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/linkedTo preferred_label linked to
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalElement preferred_label chemical element
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/skiPisteNumber preferred_label ski piste number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/documentDesignation preferred_label String designation of the WrittenWork describing the resource
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/milligram preferred_label milligram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorkSequence preferred_label sequence of works
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurNoContest preferred_label amateur no contest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/philosophicalSchool preferred_label philosophicalSchool
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bioavailability preferred_label Bioavailability
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wilaya preferred_label wilaya
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artery preferred_label artery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FormulaOneTeam preferred_label formula 1 team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/daira preferred_label daira
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationQuote preferred_label population quote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageOfAreaWater preferred_label percentage of area water
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/religion preferred_label religion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComedyGroup preferred_label Comedy Group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeBook preferred_label code book
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/completionDate preferred_label completion date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/date preferred_label date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dist_ly preferred_label dist_ly
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Caterer preferred_label Caterer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/victory preferred_label victory
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iso31661Code preferred_label ISO 3166-1 code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/specialist preferred_label specialist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChartsPlacements preferred_label Place in the Music Charts
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rocketStages preferred_label number of rocket stages
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArcherPlayer preferred_label Archer Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseRace preferred_label horse race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TennisPlayer preferred_label tennis player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCountries preferred_label number of countries
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/religiousHead preferred_label religious head
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageDisambiguates preferred_label Wikipage disambiguates
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Embryology preferred_label embryology
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInDoubleFemale preferred_label champion in double female
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Vodka preferred_label vodka
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut/timeInSpace preferred_label total time person has spent in space (m)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sportSpecialty preferred_label sport specialty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateUnveiled preferred_label date unveiled
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeStartLocation preferred_label route start location
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/weight preferred_label weight (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/catholicPercentage preferred_label catholic percentage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency preferred_label government agency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managementPlace preferred_label management place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pccSecretary preferred_label pcc secretary
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hotel preferred_label hotel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wordBefore preferred_label word before the country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deaths preferred_label Deaths
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceElevation preferred_label source confluence elevation (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relatedFunctions preferred_label related functions
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfIntercommunality preferred_label number of intercommunality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hallOfFame preferred_label hall of fame
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airline preferred_label airline
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/scientificName preferred_label scientific name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rocket/lowerEarthOrbitPayload preferred_label lower earth orbit payload (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nextTrackNumber preferred_label number of the next track
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/cmpEvaDuration preferred_label CMP EVA duration (ω)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vehicleCode preferred_label vehicle code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thirdDriver preferred_label third driver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsSubgroup preferred_label Alps subgroup
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfIndegree preferred_label number of all indegrees in dbpedia (same ourdegrees are counting repeatedly)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfUseOfProperty preferred_label number of use of a property
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceDistrict preferred_label source district
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/documentNumber preferred_label document number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/internationalAffiliation preferred_label international affiliation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/class preferred_label class
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/caterer preferred_label caterer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/voice preferred_label voice
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthCountry preferred_label mouth country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prefecture preferred_label prefecture
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/giniCoefficient preferred_label gini coefficient
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CareerStation preferred_label career station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ordination preferred_label Ordination
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/approximateCalories preferred_label approximate calories (J)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalSeats preferred_label political seats
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kyrgyzstaniSom preferred_label kyrgyzstaniSom
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/byte preferred_label byte
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locality preferred_label locality of a switzerland settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake/volume preferred_label volume (μ³)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BusCompany preferred_label bus company
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/croatianKuna preferred_label croatianKuna
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Forest preferred_label forest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aspectRatio preferred_label Aspect Ratio
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governorate preferred_label governorate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/area preferred_label area (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectParticipant preferred_label project participant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eyeColor preferred_label eye color
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endYear preferred_label end year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/creatorOfDish preferred_label creator of dish
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalPeriod preferred_label historical period
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rocketFunction preferred_label rocket function
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/visitorStatisticsAsOf preferred_label visitor statistics as of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foundation preferred_label foundation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/airportUsing preferred_label Different usage of an airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Youtuber preferred_label Youtuber
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilohertz preferred_label kilohertz
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/contest preferred_label contest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AthleticsPlayer preferred_label athletics player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bandMember preferred_label band member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/installedCapacity preferred_label installed capacity (W)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/airDate preferred_label airdate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream/minimumDischarge preferred_label minimum discharge (m³/s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentCountry preferred_label government country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageExtracted preferred_label extraction datetime
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstRace preferred_label first race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meetingCity preferred_label meeting city
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FilmFestival preferred_label film festival
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Professor preferred_label professor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Prison preferred_label prison
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landtagMandate preferred_label austrian land tag mandate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/note preferred_label note
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FloweringPlant preferred_label flowering plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/colourName preferred_label colour name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/systemRequirements preferred_label minimum system requirements
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hairColor preferred_label hair color
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/gambianDalasi preferred_label gambianDalasi
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathDate preferred_label death date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist preferred_label artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/apoapsis preferred_label apoapsis (km)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/gibraltarPound preferred_label gibraltarPound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prefix preferred_label prefix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mentor preferred_label mentor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliceOfficer preferred_label Police Officer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person preferred_label person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToLondon preferred_label distance to London (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/animator preferred_label animator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurVictory preferred_label amateur victory
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/house preferred_label house
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/religiousOrder preferred_label religious order
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/restoreDate preferred_label restore date
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cubicDecametre preferred_label cubicDecametre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/americanComedyAward preferred_label American Comedy Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usOpenMixed preferred_label us open mixed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSeats preferred_label number of seats
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oldDistrict preferred_label old district
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/longtype preferred_label longtype
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mayor preferred_label mayor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/price preferred_label price ($)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/ounce preferred_label ounce
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstWinner preferred_label first winner
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Currency preferred_label currency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latestReleaseDate preferred_label latest release date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/work preferred_label work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionalPrefecture preferred_label regional prefecture
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumInclination preferred_label maximum inclination
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icd9 preferred_label ICD9
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/Currency preferred_label Currency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/demographicsAsOf preferred_label demographics as of
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/moroccanDirham preferred_label moroccanDirham
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tax preferred_label tax
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoots preferred_label shoots
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statusYear preferred_label status year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine preferred_label magazine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty preferred_label political party
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/djiboutianFranc preferred_label djiboutianFranc
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace preferred_label populated place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationAsOf preferred_label population as of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chancellor preferred_label chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSoccerPlayersInTeam preferred_label number of SoccerPlayers in entity of SoccerClub
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/britishComedyAwards preferred_label British Comedy Awards
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mass preferred_label mass (g)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode preferred_label television episode
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/constructionMaterial preferred_label construction material
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestLap preferred_label best lap
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pdb preferred_label PDB ID
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug preferred_label drug
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runwayWidth preferred_label width of runway (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agglomeration preferred_label agglomeration
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/approvedByLowerParliament preferred_label date of approval by lower parliament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumArea preferred_label minimum area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterCargo preferred_label aircraft helicopter cargo
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/generalManager preferred_label general manager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson preferred_label military person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TimePeriod preferred_label time period
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasAbsorbedMunicipality preferred_label the previous municipality from which this one has been created or enlarged
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfIslands preferred_label number of islands
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wingspan preferred_label wingspan (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/number preferred_label number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateBudget preferred_label date budget
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaCode preferred_label area code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Anime preferred_label Anime
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hubAirport preferred_label hub airport
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/pferdestaerke preferred_label pferdestaerke
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chorusCharacterInPlay preferred_label chorus character in play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orogeny preferred_label orogeny
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/electionMajority preferred_label election majority
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lengthReference preferred_label length reference
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TramStation preferred_label tram station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital preferred_label hospital
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/forces preferred_label forces
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Wine preferred_label wine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sublimationPoint preferred_label sublimation point (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut preferred_label astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/county preferred_label county
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aunt preferred_label aunt
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/acceleration preferred_label acceleration (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayStation preferred_label train station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isRouteStop preferred_label is route stop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/carcinogen preferred_label carcinogen
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalSubstance preferred_label chemical substance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/particularSign preferred_label particular sign
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/censusYear preferred_label census year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorRace preferred_label motor race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/champion preferred_label champion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastFamilyMember preferred_label last family member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/honours preferred_label honours
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leadYear preferred_label lead year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ceo preferred_label chief executive officer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/names preferred_label names
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oversight preferred_label oversight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Watermill preferred_label Watermill
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/atcCode preferred_label ATC code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballLeague preferred_label baseball league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Reference preferred_label Reference
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/position preferred_label position
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentType preferred_label Government Type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge preferred_label judge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPartOfName preferred_label is part of (literal)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nssdcId preferred_label NSSDC ID
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/australiaOpenDouble preferred_label australia open double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chancellor preferred_label chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/writer preferred_label auteur
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerPlayer preferred_label soccer player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/museumType preferred_label museumType
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alternativeName preferred_label alternative name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elo preferred_label ELO rating
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orbitalInclination preferred_label orbital inclination
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/scaleFactor preferred_label scale factor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bowlRecord preferred_label bowl record
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/manager preferred_label manager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Historian preferred_label historian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/introductionDate preferred_label introduction date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nextEvent preferred_label next event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/publication preferred_label publication
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchPPNCode preferred_label Dutch PPN code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherWins preferred_label other wins
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dailyVaccinationsRaw preferred_label Daily Vaccinations Raw
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/redline preferred_label redline (kmh)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/height preferred_label height (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relative preferred_label relative
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nerve preferred_label nerve
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Swimmer preferred_label swimmer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/mass preferred_label mass (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/initiallyUsedFor preferred_label initally used for
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/passengersUsedSystem preferred_label passengers used system
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MouseGene preferred_label MouseGene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/killedBy preferred_label killed by
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/related preferred_label related
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/owns preferred_label owns
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ingredientName preferred_label ingredient name (literal)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/debutWork preferred_label debutWork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalRegion preferred_label natural region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EurovisionSongContestEntry preferred_label Eurovision song contest entry
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LunarCrater/diameter preferred_label diameter (km)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtProTournaments preferred_label wins at pro tournaments
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/buildingStartYear preferred_label building start year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managerTitle preferred_label manager title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsidiary preferred_label subsidiary
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/purchasingPowerParityRank preferred_label purchasing power parity rank
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/proTeam preferred_label pro team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/modelStartYear preferred_label model start year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/totalCargo preferred_label total cargo (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDistrict preferred_label number of district
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldMedalMixed preferred_label gold medal mixed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/type preferred_label type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managerYears preferred_label manager years
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/colourHexCode preferred_label colour hex code
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/mozambicanMetical preferred_label mozambicanMetical
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nrhpReferenceNumber preferred_label NRHP Reference Number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/horseRidingDiscipline preferred_label horse riding discipline
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Surname preferred_label surname
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPersonInOccupation preferred_label number of person in one occupation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/waterArea preferred_label area of water (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/owningOrganisation preferred_label owning organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/peopleName preferred_label peopleName
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/illustrator preferred_label illustrator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maintainedBy preferred_label maintained by
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumElevation preferred_label minimum elevation (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageInterLanguageLink preferred_label Link from a Wikipage to a Wikipage in a different language about the same or a related subject.
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/newZealandDollar preferred_label newZealandDollar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grandsire preferred_label grandsire
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstPopularVote preferred_label firstPopularVote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pastMember preferred_label past member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/designCompany preferred_label designer company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstPlace preferred_label first place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation preferred_label mean of transportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presidentGeneralCouncilMandate preferred_label mandate of the president of the general council
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/piercing preferred_label piercing
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/newtonMetre preferred_label newtonMetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person/weight preferred_label weight (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presenter preferred_label presenter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isCityState preferred_label is a city state
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deathAge preferred_label death age
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BloodVessel preferred_label blood vessel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDisambiguates preferred_label numberOfDisambiguates
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/caymanIslandsDollar preferred_label caymanIslandsDollar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/result preferred_label result
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mapCaption preferred_label map caption
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abbeychurchBlessingCharge preferred_label abbey church blessing charge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/IceHockeyPlayer preferred_label ice hockey player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SquashPlayer preferred_label squash player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/transmission preferred_label transmission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaOfSearch preferred_label area of search
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orbitalFlights preferred_label orbital flights
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alternativeTitle preferred_label alternative title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfResourceWithType preferred_label nmberOfResourceWithType
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/administrativeStatus preferred_label administrative status
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cubicMetrePerSecond preferred_label cubicMetrePerSecond
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commander preferred_label commander
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageLength preferred_label page length (characters) of wiki page
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLifts preferred_label number of lifts
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/poles preferred_label poles
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cat preferred_label cat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fastestDriver preferred_label fastest driver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/astrazenca preferred_label Astrazenca
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/movie preferred_label movie
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaLand preferred_label area land (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fileURL preferred_label The URL at which this file can be downloaded
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associatedMusicalArtist preferred_label associated musical artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit preferred_label military unit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherOccupation preferred_label other occupation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dorlandsSuffix preferred_label Dorlands suffix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play preferred_label play
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/squareKilometre preferred_label squareKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ableToGrind preferred_label able to grind
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestRankDouble preferred_label best rank double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frazioni preferred_label frazioni
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/meanRadius preferred_label mean radius (km)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/award preferred_label award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/typeOfYeast preferred_label type of yeast
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subOrder preferred_label sub-order
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/width preferred_label width (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherMedia preferred_label other media
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalFunction preferred_label political function
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/computingMedia preferred_label Computing Media
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/photographer preferred_label photographer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rolandGarrosSingle preferred_label roland garros single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CricketTeam preferred_label cricket team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/congressionalDistrict preferred_label congressional district
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SongWriter preferred_label songwriter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/schoolCode preferred_label school code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceShuttle/timeInSpace preferred_label total time person has spent in space (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousEditor preferred_label previous editor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/buildingStartDate preferred_label building start date
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/degreeRankine preferred_label degreeRankine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/casualties preferred_label casualties
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseRider preferred_label horse rider
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mandate preferred_label political mandate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfFederalDeputies preferred_label Number Of Federal Deputies
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MythologicalFigure preferred_label mythological figure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaOfCatchment preferred_label area of catchment (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/narrator preferred_label narrator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/individualisedPnd preferred_label individualised PND number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalCountry preferred_label Historical country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/weight preferred_label weight (g)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GivenName preferred_label given name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mostSuccessfulPlayer preferred_label most successful player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftRecon preferred_label aircraft recon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/utcOffset preferred_label UTC offset
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/moldovanLeu preferred_label moldovanLeu
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/id preferred_label id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SiteOfSpecialScientificInterest preferred_label Site of Special Scientific Interest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relief preferred_label relief
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/danseScore preferred_label danse score
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/europeanAffiliation preferred_label european affiliation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sibling preferred_label sibling
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NascarDriver preferred_label nascar driver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/modelEndYear preferred_label model end year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fat preferred_label fat (g)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Song preferred_label song
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tank preferred_label Tank
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/powerOutput preferred_label power output (W)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iso6392Code preferred_label ISO 639-2 code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/idNumber preferred_label id number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shoreLength preferred_label shore length (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/equipment preferred_label equipment
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/legislativePeriodName preferred_label legislative period name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalFootballLeagueEvent preferred_label national football league event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/averageSpeed preferred_label average speed (km/s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/superbowlWin preferred_label superbowl win
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake/areaOfCatchment preferred_label area of catchment (km2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague preferred_label sports league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondLeader preferred_label secondLeader
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/significantProject preferred_label significant project
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/value preferred_label value
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/hectolitre preferred_label hectolitre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influencedBy preferred_label influenced by
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stateOfOriginTeam preferred_label state of origin team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bodybuilder preferred_label bodybuilder
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/asWikiText preferred_label Contains a WikiText representation of this thing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfResourceOfClass preferred_label number of all resource / entities of a class
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream preferred_label stream
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyClub preferred_label rugby club
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/gramPerKilometre preferred_label gramPerKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainIslands preferred_label main islands
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/organ preferred_label organ
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/kindOfCoordinate preferred_label kind of coordinate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/newspaper preferred_label newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cousurper preferred_label cousurper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPiersInWater preferred_label number of piers in water
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberBuilt preferred_label number built
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/glycemicIndex preferred_label glycemic index
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/lightYear preferred_label lightYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athleticsDiscipline preferred_label athletics discipline
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/volume preferred_label volume (km3)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nrhpType preferred_label NRHP type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mother preferred_label mother
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalFootballLeagueSeason preferred_label national football league season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nndbId preferred_label NNDB id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/weight preferred_label weight (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/laurenceOlivierAward preferred_label Laurence Olivier Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chEMBL preferred_label ChEMBL
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/selectionYear preferred_label selection year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BoxingLeague preferred_label boxing league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/redLongDistancePisteNumber preferred_label red long distance piste number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eyes preferred_label eyes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldTeamCup preferred_label world team cup
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/block preferred_label block
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shareSource preferred_label share source
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite preferred_label ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicians preferred_label musicians
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sixthFormStudents preferred_label sixth form students
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/personName preferred_label personName
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mayorCouncillor preferred_label mayor councillor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMembers preferred_label number of members
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BackScene preferred_label back scene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeProgScore preferred_label free prog score
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chaplain preferred_label chaplain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cemetery preferred_label cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/quebecerTitle preferred_label quebecer title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/component preferred_label component
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/biome preferred_label biome
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/years preferred_label years
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerChoreographer preferred_label former choreographer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gasChambers preferred_label gas chambers
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryFunction preferred_label military function
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/engine preferred_label engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/race preferred_label race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cheese preferred_label cheese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftPatrol preferred_label aircraft patrol
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book preferred_label book
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year preferred_label year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spurType preferred_label spur type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/operatingIncome preferred_label operating income ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endReign preferred_label end reign
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/stone preferred_label stone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bodyDiscovered preferred_label body discovered
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/modelEndDate preferred_label model end date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/width preferred_label width (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/tajikistaniSomoni preferred_label tajikistaniSomoni
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cargoFuel preferred_label cargo fuel (g)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/area preferred_label area (km2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestAltitude preferred_label highest altitude
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Farmer preferred_label farmer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/temperature preferred_label temperature (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usSales preferred_label US sales
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftTrainer preferred_label aircraft trainer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iftaAward preferred_label IFTA Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provost preferred_label provost
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notSolubleIn preferred_label not soluble in
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/comitat preferred_label comitat of a settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GeneLocation preferred_label GeneLocation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Prefecture preferred_label prefecture
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fort preferred_label fort
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eMedicineSubject preferred_label eMedicine subject
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerLeagueSeason preferred_label soccer league season
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/foot preferred_label foot
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsInEurope preferred_label wins in Europe
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pictureFormat preferred_label picture format
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChessPlayer preferred_label chess player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rgbCoordinateGreen preferred_label green coordinate in the RGB space
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/enshrinedDeity preferred_label enshrined deity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managementMountain preferred_label management mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FormerMunicipality preferred_label one-time municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/principalEngineer preferred_label principal engineer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winterTemperature preferred_label winter temperature (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameDay preferred_label name day
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/humanDevelopmentIndexAsOf preferred_label human development index as of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem preferred_label conveyor system
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/engineType preferred_label engine type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalSelection preferred_label national selection
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facultySize preferred_label faculty size
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/administrativeCenter preferred_label administrative center
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heightAgainst preferred_label height against
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherServingLines preferred_label other serving lines
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University preferred_label university
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurTeam preferred_label amateur team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/contractor preferred_label contractor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/period preferred_label event period
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/watershed preferred_label watershed (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orpha preferred_label ORPHA
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/demolitionDate preferred_label demolition date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfNewlyIntroducedSports preferred_label number of newly introduced sports
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shuttle preferred_label shuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/targetSpaceStation preferred_label target space station station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/playerInTeam preferred_label player in team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eventDate preferred_label event date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oldName preferred_label old name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locusSupplementaryData preferred_label locus supplementary data
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/noteOnPlaceOfBurial preferred_label note on place of burial
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/retirementDate preferred_label retirement date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInJapanese preferred_label name in Japanese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicType preferred_label musicType
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfClubs preferred_label number of clubs
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/gigawatt preferred_label gigawatt
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalCargo preferred_label total cargo (g)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/facilityId preferred_label facility id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/profession preferred_label profession
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfRooms preferred_label number of rooms
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/creationChristianBishop preferred_label creation christian bishop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/uciCode preferred_label UCI code
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/pond preferred_label pond
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/discovery preferred_label date when the island has been discovered
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtChallenges preferred_label wins at challenges
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/casNumber preferred_label CAS number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/board preferred_label board
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kuwaitiDinar preferred_label kuwaitiDinar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherParty preferred_label other party
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageLiteracyMen preferred_label percentage of a place's male population that is literate, degree of analphabetism
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/badGuy preferred_label bad guy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/personsFullDosesCumul preferred_label PersonsFullDosesCumul
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/liberianDollar preferred_label liberianDollar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStores preferred_label number of sores
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Congressman preferred_label congressman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grades preferred_label grades
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/matchPoint preferred_label match point
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runwaySurface preferred_label surface of runway
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/birthSign preferred_label birth sign
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportFacility preferred_label sport facility
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trainer preferred_label trainer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/racketCatching preferred_label racket catching
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/maximumTemperature preferred_label maximum temperature (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/curator preferred_label curator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowest preferred_label lowest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/weddingParentsDate preferred_label Parents Wedding Date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentRegion preferred_label government region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfParticipatingMaleAthletes preferred_label number of participating male athletes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentCabinet preferred_label cabinet of ministers
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLaunches preferred_label number of launches
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/topFloorHeight preferred_label top floor height
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/center preferred_label norwegian center
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subdivision preferred_label subdivision
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Unknown preferred_label Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cityRank preferred_label city rank
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commandStructure preferred_label command structure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eTeatrId preferred_label e-teatr.pl id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CoalPit preferred_label coal pit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/setDesigner preferred_label set designer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageRevisionLink preferred_label Link to the Wikipage revision URL
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cylinderCount preferred_label cylinder count
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lymph preferred_label lymph
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bustSize preferred_label bust size (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPartOfMilitaryConflict preferred_label is part of military conflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subjectTerm preferred_label subject term
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/primate preferred_label Primite
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/televisionSeries preferred_label television series
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVisitorsAsOf preferred_label number of visitors as of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meaning preferred_label meaning
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/votesAgainst preferred_label Votes against the resolution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentMember preferred_label current member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsEndDateMgr preferred_label active years end date manager
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/philippinePeso preferred_label philippinePeso
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/revenueYear preferred_label year of reported revenue
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/owningCompany preferred_label owning company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestAltitude preferred_label lowest altitude
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deliveryDate preferred_label delivery date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agglomerationPopulationTotal preferred_label agglomeration population total
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prospectLeague preferred_label prospect league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spokenIn preferred_label spoken in
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/undraftedYear preferred_label undrafted year
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/czechKoruna preferred_label czechKoruna
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sportGoverningBody preferred_label sport governing body
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/branchTo preferred_label branch to
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/eritreanNakfa preferred_label eritreanNakfa
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalMaximumBoatBeam preferred_label original maximum boat beam (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/layout preferred_label layout
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arena preferred_label arena
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestPlace preferred_label highest place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album preferred_label album
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalConcept preferred_label Political concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryCommand preferred_label military command
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/typeOfGrain preferred_label type of grain (wheat etc.)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/diploma preferred_label diploma
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalMass preferred_label total mass (g)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/destination preferred_label destination
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsSupergroup preferred_label Alps supergroup
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/testaverage preferred_label testaverage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rebuilder preferred_label rebuilder
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/purchasingPowerParity preferred_label purchasing power parity
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/usBarrel preferred_label usBarrel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latinName preferred_label name in latin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/targetAirport preferred_label target airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/kindOfRock preferred_label kind of rock
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation/weight preferred_label weight (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Continent preferred_label continent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Flag preferred_label flag
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reopeningYear preferred_label reopening year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTournament preferred_label National tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/battle preferred_label battle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/missionDuration preferred_label mission duration (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/votesFor preferred_label Number of votes in favour of the resolution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayLine preferred_label railway line
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commissionerDate preferred_label commissioner date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CyclingCompetition preferred_label cycling competition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterTransport preferred_label aircraft helicopter transport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cmykCoordinateCyanic preferred_label cyanic coordinate in the CMYK space
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Article preferred_label article
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endingTheme preferred_label ending theme
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parliament preferred_label parliament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/temple preferred_label temple
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/operator preferred_label operator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nbUniqueContrib preferred_label Number of unique contributors
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soundRecording preferred_label sound recording
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/hungarianForint preferred_label hungarianForint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sizeThumbnail preferred_label size thumbnail
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/centralAfricanCfaFranc preferred_label centralAfricanCfaFranc
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/workArea preferred_label work area (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cesarAward preferred_label Cesar Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sea preferred_label sea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lchfDraftYear preferred_label lchf draft year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballPlayer preferred_label basketball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orbits preferred_label orbits
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicGamesBronze preferred_label olympic games bronze
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/displacement preferred_label displacement (μ³)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/apoapsis preferred_label apoapsis (km)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monastery preferred_label monastery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarOrbitTime preferred_label lunar orbit time (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/athletics preferred_label athletics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluencePosition preferred_label source confluence position
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tournamentRecord preferred_label tournament record
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notes preferred_label notes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/infantMortality preferred_label infant mortality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Region preferred_label region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hometown preferred_label home town
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/quote preferred_label quote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/arrondissement preferred_label arrondissement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/announcedFrom preferred_label announcedFrom
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/recordDate preferred_label record date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/complexity preferred_label complexity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/collectivityMinority preferred_label collectivity minority
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Area preferred_label area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/typeOfElectrification preferred_label type of electrification
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cosparId preferred_label COSPAR id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/criteria preferred_label criteria
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/StatedResolution preferred_label Stated Resolution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/crownDependency preferred_label crown dependency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal/originalMaximumBoatBeam preferred_label original maximum boat beam (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/Volume preferred_label Volume
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prefectMandate preferred_label mandate of a prefect of a romanian settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/podium preferred_label podium
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtSenEuro preferred_label wins at Senior Euro
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/founder preferred_label founder
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/somaliShilling preferred_label somaliShilling
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VolleyballCoach preferred_label volleyball coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/casSupplemental preferred_label CAS supplemental
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regency preferred_label regency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eloRecord preferred_label maximum ELO rating
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/imposedDanseCompetition preferred_label imposed danse competition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/odor preferred_label Odor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceLeaderParty preferred_label vice leader party
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/water preferred_label water
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumDischarge preferred_label maximum discharge (m³/s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/offeredClasses preferred_label offered classes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refgen preferred_label reference for general data
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frequency preferred_label frequency (Hz)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryAircraft preferred_label military aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fareZone preferred_label fare zone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/storyEditor preferred_label story editor
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/litre preferred_label litre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceMountain preferred_label source confluence mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mediaItem preferred_label media item
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/innervates preferred_label innervates
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMusicalArtistEntities preferred_label number of MuscialArtist class (entities) in DBpedia
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/bhutaneseNgultrum preferred_label bhutaneseNgultrum
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coolingSystem preferred_label cooling system
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CultivatedVariety preferred_label cultivar (cultivated variety)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thumbnailCaption preferred_label thumbnail caption
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/solventWithBadSolubility preferred_label solvent with bad solubility
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mastersWins preferred_label masters wins
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/massif preferred_label massif
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Muscle preferred_label muscle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dorlandsId preferred_label DorlandsID
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sister preferred_label sister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Intercommunality preferred_label Intercommunality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentOpeningSeason preferred_label opening season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtAus preferred_label wins at AUS
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound preferred_label chemical compound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftAttack preferred_label aircraft attack
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageCharacterSize preferred_label Character size of wiki page
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person/height preferred_label height (cm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerBandMember preferred_label former band member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryStructure preferred_label military structure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainBuilding preferred_label main building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blazonCaption preferred_label Blazon caption
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rotationPeriod preferred_label rotation period (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict preferred_label military conflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InlineHockeyLeague preferred_label inline hockey league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lethalOnMice preferred_label lethal when given to mice
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/peopleFullyVaccinated preferred_label People Fully Vaccinated
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/handisport preferred_label handisport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associatedRocket preferred_label associated rocket
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#integer preferred_label xsd:integer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherInformation preferred_label other information of a settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicGamesWins preferred_label olympic games wins
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/uniprot preferred_label UniProt
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/zipCode preferred_label zip code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicFusionGenre preferred_label music fusion genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstLaunch preferred_label first launch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/historicalRegion preferred_label historical region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PlayboyPlaymate preferred_label Playboy Playmate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sessionNumber preferred_label session number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPredicates preferred_label numberOfPredicates
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilobit preferred_label kilobit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College preferred_label college
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inseeCode preferred_label INSEE code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceEndYear preferred_label service end year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalCoordinates preferred_label capital coordinates
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/netherlandsAntilleanGuilder preferred_label netherlandsAntilleanGuilder
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/unitedArabEmiratesDirham preferred_label unitedArabEmiratesDirham
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainDomain preferred_label main domain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dryCargo preferred_label dry cargo (g)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceMountain preferred_label source mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/distanceTraveled preferred_label distance traveled (km)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lchfDraft preferred_label lchf draft year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder preferred_label office holder
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/malawianKwacha preferred_label malawianKwacha
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/primogenitor preferred_label primogenitor, first forebear
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/Power preferred_label Power
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landArea preferred_label area of a land (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/certificationDate preferred_label certification date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/europeanParliamentGroup preferred_label european parliament group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nextMission preferred_label next mission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endCareer preferred_label end career
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/month preferred_label month
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iihfHof preferred_label lihf hof
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicComposer preferred_label music composer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continentalTournamentBronze preferred_label continental tournament bronze
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dam preferred_label dam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trustee preferred_label trustee
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/escapeVelocity preferred_label escape velocity (kmh)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/royalAnthem preferred_label royal anthem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bishopric preferred_label bishopric
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coProducer preferred_label co producer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSilverMedalsWon preferred_label number of silver medals won
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ingredient preferred_label ingredient
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/developer preferred_label developer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reopeningDate preferred_label reopening date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/protectionStatus preferred_label monument protection status
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/albumRuntime preferred_label album duration (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spike preferred_label spike
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/score preferred_label score
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cyclist preferred_label cyclist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageHistoryLink preferred_label Link to the Wikipage history URL
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/southPlace preferred_label south place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/range preferred_label range
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Territory preferred_label territory
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landRegistryCode preferred_label land registry code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldTournamentBronze preferred_label world tournament bronze
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/timeZone preferred_label time zone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeDirection preferred_label route direction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commonName preferred_label common name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/biggestCity preferred_label biggest city
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmusementParkAttraction preferred_label amusement park attraction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryVehicle preferred_label military vehicle
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/microsecond preferred_label microsecond
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/kindOfCriminalAction preferred_label kind of criminal action
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provinceLink preferred_label province link
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/service preferred_label service
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumBoatLength preferred_label maximum boat length (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalFilmAward preferred_label National Film Award
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/usBarrelOil preferred_label usBarrelOil
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateOfBurial preferred_label date of burial
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/similar preferred_label similar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/portrayer preferred_label portrayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/billed preferred_label billed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Genre preferred_label genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meanRadius preferred_label mean radius (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/approvedByUpperParliament preferred_label date of approval by upper parliament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/neighbourRegion preferred_label neighbour region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtJapan preferred_label wins at japan
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cubicKilometre preferred_label cubicKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lipid preferred_label lipid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalLostDouble preferred_label final lost double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageLengthDelta preferred_label Delta size of a revision with last one
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/generalCouncil preferred_label general council
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTopographicSystemMapNumber preferred_label National Topographic System map number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldTournament preferred_label world tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/soccerTournamentTopScorer preferred_label top scorer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/omim preferred_label OMIM id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/feastDay preferred_label feast day, holiday
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/convictionPenalty preferred_label conviction penalty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasJunctionWith preferred_label has junction with
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentage preferred_label percentage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cannonNumber preferred_label cannon number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/singleOf preferred_label singleOf
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateClosed preferred_label date closed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/participant preferred_label participant
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/imperialBarrel preferred_label imperialBarrel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/borough preferred_label borough
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream/watershed preferred_label watershed (km2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/speaker preferred_label speaker
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leftChild preferred_label left child
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/co2Emission preferred_label CO2 emission (g/km)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trackWidth preferred_label track width (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agglomerationDemographics preferred_label agglomeration demographics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/primeMinister preferred_label prime minister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalSettlement preferred_label Historical settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/growingGrape preferred_label growing grape
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentPartner preferred_label current partner
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/drainsTo preferred_label drains to
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bpnId preferred_label BPN Id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/List preferred_label list
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oclc preferred_label OCLC
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSettlement preferred_label number of settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film preferred_label movie
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLanes preferred_label number of lanes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/battleHonours preferred_label battle honours
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/periapsis preferred_label periapsis (km)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPeopleLicensed preferred_label number of licensed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfTurns preferred_label number of turns
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Parliament preferred_label parliament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/protein preferred_label protein (g)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationTotalRanking preferred_label total population ranking
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presidentGeneralCouncil preferred_label president general council
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfTracks preferred_label number of tracks
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volcanicType preferred_label volcanic type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chain preferred_label chaîne
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eruption preferred_label eruption
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/colleague preferred_label colleague
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mine preferred_label mine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWork preferred_label notable work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/termOfOffice preferred_label term of office
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eptTitle preferred_label ept title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LacrossePlayer preferred_label lacrosse player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainInterest preferred_label main interest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software/fileSize preferred_label size (MB)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Identifier preferred_label identifier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RoadJunction preferred_label road junction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hof preferred_label hof
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/diameter preferred_label diameter (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commissioner preferred_label commissioner
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/precursor preferred_label precursor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfTriples preferred_label numberOfTriples
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceStartYear preferred_label service start year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startWct preferred_label start xct
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cityType preferred_label city type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/juniorSeason preferred_label junior season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sudocId preferred_label SUDOC id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meetingBuilding preferred_label meeting building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestPoint preferred_label highest point
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coExecutiveProducer preferred_label co executive producer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deadInFightDate preferred_label dead in fight date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oldcode preferred_label oldcode
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/phonePrefix preferred_label phone prefix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blockAlloy preferred_label block alloy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/solventWithMediocreSolubility preferred_label solvent with mediocre solubility
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bronzeMedalMixed preferred_label bronze medal mixed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/employer preferred_label employer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/destructionDate preferred_label destruction date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Altitude preferred_label altitude
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rkdArtistsId preferred_label RKDartists id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/greekName preferred_label name in ancient Greek
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/committee preferred_label committee
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorsportSeason preferred_label motorsport season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/digitalChannel preferred_label digital channel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper preferred_label newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicConference preferred_label academic conference
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/restingPlace preferred_label resting place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/kegg preferred_label KEGG
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicStrip preferred_label comic strip
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sovereignCountry preferred_label sovereign country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fullCompetition preferred_label full competition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parliamentaryGroup preferred_label parliamentary group
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/congoleseFranc preferred_label congoleseFranc
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/grain preferred_label grain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/domain preferred_label domain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/careerPoints preferred_label career points
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/northPlace preferred_label north place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/diseasesDB preferred_label DiseasesDB
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician preferred_label politician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runwayLength preferred_label length of runway (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/childOrganisation preferred_label child organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Beach preferred_label beach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/impactFactorAsOf preferred_label impact factor as of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/scene preferred_label scene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/album preferred_label album
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/breeder preferred_label breeder
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/demolitionYear preferred_label demolition year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/overallRecord preferred_label overall record
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/newtonMillimetre preferred_label newtonMillimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/largestCity preferred_label largest city
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geolocDepartment preferred_label geolocDepartment
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/messierName preferred_label Messier name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fullScore preferred_label full score
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/height preferred_label height (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parentCompany preferred_label parent company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/average preferred_label average
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latestElection preferred_label date of latest election
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/inhabitantsPerSquareMile preferred_label inhabitantsPerSquareMile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/okatoCode preferred_label okato code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalYears preferred_label national years
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/composer preferred_label composer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork preferred_label written work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/drainsFrom preferred_label drains from
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bioclimate preferred_label bioclimate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/season preferred_label season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/educationSystem preferred_label education system
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/railwayLineUsingTunnel preferred_label railway line using tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fedCup preferred_label fed cup
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/touristicSite preferred_label touristic site
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/homage preferred_label homage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/homeport preferred_label homeport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmColourType preferred_label film colour type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/start preferred_label start
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/drug preferred_label Drug
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondDriverCountry preferred_label second driver country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SupremeCourtOfTheUnitedStatesCase preferred_label Supreme Court of the United States case
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geneLocationEnd preferred_label gene location end
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worstDefeat preferred_label worst defeat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeLabel preferred_label freeLabel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pastor preferred_label pastor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPctWomen preferred_label population percentage female
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/widthQuote preferred_label width quote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/derivative preferred_label derivative
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToDublin preferred_label distance to Dublin (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maximumDepthQuote preferred_label maximum depth quote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manga preferred_label manga
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/featuring preferred_label featuring
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Reign preferred_label reign
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/licenceLetter preferred_label licence letter of a german settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cricketer preferred_label cricketer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mostWins preferred_label most wins
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerTournament preferred_label soccer tournoment
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/District preferred_label district
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rolandGarrosMixed preferred_label roland garros mixed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/afdbId preferred_label afdb id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldTournamentGold preferred_label world tournament gold
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/onChromosome preferred_label on chromosome
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/escalafon preferred_label escalafon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCompetitors preferred_label number of competitors
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foalDate preferred_label foal date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/synonym preferred_label synonym
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sharingOutPopulationYear preferred_label sharing out year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation/length preferred_label length (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/languageCode preferred_label language code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/missionDuration preferred_label mission duration (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfClassrooms preferred_label number of classrooms
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotocycleRacer preferred_label motocycle racer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStudents preferred_label number of students
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/launchPad preferred_label launch pad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestRegion preferred_label highest region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/topSpeed preferred_label top speed (kmh)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug/boilingPoint preferred_label boiling point (K)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/saintHelenaPound preferred_label saintHelenaPound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/clade preferred_label clade
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/head preferred_label head
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/criminalCharge preferred_label criminal charge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goalsInNationalTeam preferred_label goals in national team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/australiaOpenMixed preferred_label australia open mixed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lahHof preferred_label lah hof
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/declination preferred_label declination
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gun preferred_label aircraft gun
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fight preferred_label fight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Racecourse preferred_label racecourse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/whaDraftTeam preferred_label wha draft team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/termPeriod preferred_label term period
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/iconographicAttributes preferred_label iconographic attributes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gameArtist preferred_label game artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryService preferred_label military service
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reffBourgmestre preferred_label referent bourgmestre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/apoapsis preferred_label apoapsis (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon/height preferred_label height (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/launchDate preferred_label launch date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainCharacter preferred_label main character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAscentYear preferred_label year of first ascent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDistricts preferred_label number of districts
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/assetUnderManagement preferred_label asset under management ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unesco preferred_label unesco
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WaterPoloPlayer preferred_label water polo Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicEvent preferred_label olympic event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstDriverCountry preferred_label first driver country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentMountain preferred_label government mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator/mass preferred_label mass (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Diocese preferred_label diocese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestBuildingInYear preferred_label highest building in year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectStartDate preferred_label project start date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/enginePower preferred_label engine power
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeMemorial preferred_label memorial ID number
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/bahrainiDinar preferred_label bahrainiDinar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicOathSwornBy preferred_label olympic oath sworn by
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pole preferred_label pole
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/familyMember preferred_label family member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/libretto preferred_label libretto
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfEmployees preferred_label number of employees
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/titleSingle preferred_label title single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/income preferred_label income
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceShuttle/distance preferred_label distance (km)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/analogChannel preferred_label analog channel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pfizer preferred_label Pfizer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/department preferred_label department
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToDouglas preferred_label distance to Douglas (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftElectronic preferred_label aircraft electronic
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cubanPeso preferred_label cubanPeso
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continentalTournamentSilver preferred_label continental tournament silver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unitedStatesNationalBridgeId preferred_label United States National Bridge ID
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startYearOfSales preferred_label start year of sales
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/weight preferred_label weight (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landingSite preferred_label landing site
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flag preferred_label flag (image)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorcycleRider preferred_label motorcycle rider
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousInfrastructure preferred_label previous infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/georgianLari preferred_label georgianLari
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/kinOfLanguage preferred_label kindOfLanguage
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/nepaleseRupee preferred_label nepaleseRupee
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fc preferred_label FC
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/legalArrondissement preferred_label legal arrondissement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/localization preferred_label localization of the island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtAlpg preferred_label wins at ALPG
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/arm preferred_label arm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryRank preferred_label country rank
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/retiredRocket preferred_label retired rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tempPlace preferred_label Temporary Placement in the Music Charts
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/baftaAward preferred_label BAFTA Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mainFamilyBranch preferred_label main branch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/costumeDesigner preferred_label costume designer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Depth preferred_label depth
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamTitle preferred_label team title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStateDeputies preferred_label Number Of State Deputies
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/sierraLeoneanLeone preferred_label sierraLeoneanLeone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentLeague preferred_label current league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/role preferred_label role
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geminiAward preferred_label Gemini Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerChannel preferred_label former channel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presentName preferred_label a municipality's present name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headAlloy preferred_label head alloy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CyclingTeam preferred_label cycling team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/weight preferred_label weight (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/origin preferred_label origin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CollegeCoach preferred_label college coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commandant preferred_label commandant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeDistrict preferred_label City district code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/netIncome preferred_label net income ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectBudgetTotal preferred_label project budget total ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headLabel preferred_label head label
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SkiArea preferred_label ski area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationTotal preferred_label population total
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/settlementAttached preferred_label settlement attached
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/established preferred_label Established
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dissolved preferred_label dissolved
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicalKey preferred_label musical key
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastucture preferred_label infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Attack preferred_label attack
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Contest preferred_label contest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NCAATeamSeason preferred_label national collegiate athletic association team season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geneReviewsName preferred_label geneReviewsName
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceStation preferred_label space station
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/knot preferred_label knot
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstOlympicEvent preferred_label first olympic event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dec preferred_label dec
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestRank preferred_label highest rank
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affair preferred_label affair
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Profession preferred_label profession
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/departmentPosition preferred_label geolocDepartment
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/requirement preferred_label requirement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasVariant preferred_label variant or variation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceLaps preferred_label distance laps
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stylisticOrigin preferred_label stylistic origin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/max preferred_label max
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalCountry preferred_label capital country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/UndergroundJournal preferred_label underground journal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousEntity preferred_label previous entity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/satellite preferred_label satellite
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/powerOutput preferred_label power output (kW)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCrew preferred_label number of crew
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/titleLanguage preferred_label title language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchMIPCode preferred_label monument code for the Monuments Inventory Project
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parliamentType preferred_label parliament type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NordicCombined preferred_label Nordic Combined
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/longDistancePisteKilometre preferred_label long distance piste kilometre (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/uses preferred_label uses
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/citySince preferred_label city since
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairLabel preferred_label chair label
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foot preferred_label foot
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lengthQuote preferred_label length quote
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/nigerianNaira preferred_label nigerianNaira
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/orbitalPeriod preferred_label orbital period (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/europeanChampionship preferred_label european championship
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/norwegianKrone preferred_label norwegianKrone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isoCode preferred_label iso code of a place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rgbCoordinateBlue preferred_label bluecoordinate in the RGB space
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfResourceOfType preferred_label number of resource / entities for concrete type of subject
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/maximumTemperature preferred_label maximum temperature (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fighter preferred_label fighter
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth preferred_label xsd:gYearMonth
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managementCountry preferred_label management country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/simcCode preferred_label SIMC code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secretaryGeneral preferred_label secretary
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/diseasesDb preferred_label diseasesDb
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/superintendent preferred_label superintendent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDeaths preferred_label number of deaths
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalAreaOfAuthority preferred_label ancient area of jurisdiction of a person (feudal) or of a governmental body
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/diocese preferred_label diocese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldMedalDouble preferred_label gold medal double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RallyDriver preferred_label rally driver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refpol preferred_label reference for politic data
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/swimmingStyle preferred_label Swimming style
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InternationalFootballLeagueEvent preferred_label international football league event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/singleList preferred_label list of singles
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tribus preferred_label tribus
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/slovakKoruna preferred_label slovakKoruna
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cemetery preferred_label cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Moss preferred_label moss
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote preferred_label eukaryote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/perimeter preferred_label perimeter (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/solventWithGoodSolubility preferred_label solvent with good solubility
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startYearOfInsertion preferred_label start year of insertion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abbeychurchBlessing preferred_label abbey church blessing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PublicService preferred_label public service
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstFlightEndDate preferred_label first flight end date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/humanDevelopmentIndex preferred_label Human Development Index (HDI)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PowerStation preferred_label power station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation preferred_label television station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prov:Revision preferred_label Revision
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalTracks preferred_label total tracks
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/follows preferred_label follows
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/marketCapitalisation preferred_label market capitalisation ($)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/gigabyte preferred_label gigabyte
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/state preferred_label state
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leftTributary preferred_label left tributary
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal preferred_label mammal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/organisation preferred_label organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtKLPGA preferred_label wins at KLPGA
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamName preferred_label team name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CricketGround preferred_label cricket ground
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/premierePlace preferred_label premiere place
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/burundianFranc preferred_label burundianFranc
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/speedLimit preferred_label speed limit (kmh)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/computingInput preferred_label Computing input
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gnisCode preferred_label gnis code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/registryNumber preferred_label registry number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/case preferred_label case
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/millType preferred_label mill type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTeamYear preferred_label national team year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nextEntity preferred_label next entity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Wrestler preferred_label wrestler
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/feat preferred_label feat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/StormSurge preferred_label storm surge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/cargoGas preferred_label cargo gas (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isniId preferred_label ISNI Id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/material preferred_label material
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SkiResort preferred_label ski resort
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchCOROPCode preferred_label Dutch COROP code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateOfAbandonment preferred_label date of abandonment
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bloodType preferred_label blood type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alumni preferred_label alumni
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/party preferred_label party
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/constituencyDistrict preferred_label constituency district
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateAct preferred_label date act
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorcycleRacingLeague preferred_label motorcycle racing league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableStudent preferred_label notable student
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rocket preferred_label rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/astrologicalSign preferred_label astrological sign
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/twinCountry preferred_label twin country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/calculationNeeds preferred_label its calculation needs
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sire preferred_label sire
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ratio preferred_label ratio
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/victoryPercentageAsMgr preferred_label victory percentage as manager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstDriver preferred_label first driver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherFuelType preferred_label secondary/other fuel type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/debut preferred_label debut
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startPoint preferred_label start point
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/episodeNumber preferred_label episode number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Painting preferred_label Painting
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageRevisionID preferred_label Wikipage revision ID
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pronunciation preferred_label pronunciation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInPinyinChinese preferred_label name in Pinyin Chinese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skater preferred_label skater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ist preferred_label ist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mood preferred_label mood
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lighthouse preferred_label lighthouse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/discoverer preferred_label discoverer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/region preferred_label region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfGraduateStudents preferred_label number of graduate students
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/footPerMinute preferred_label footPerMinute
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/accessDate preferred_label access date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty preferred_label royalty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliate preferred_label affiliate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryUnitSize preferred_label military unit size
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/placeOfBurial preferred_label place of burial
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/world preferred_label world
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Archbishop preferred_label archbishop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableCommander preferred_label notable commander
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/format preferred_label format (object)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalLost preferred_label final lost
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/production preferred_label production
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/partyNumber preferred_label party number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftType preferred_label aircraft type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaRank preferred_label area rank
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wineYear preferred_label wine year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work preferred_label work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeCases preferred_label Active Cases
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/causalties preferred_label causalties
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currencyCode preferred_label currency code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tuition preferred_label tuition ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/partner preferred_label partner
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarRover preferred_label lunar rover
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/raceWins preferred_label race wins
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/acceleration preferred_label acceleration (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hopmanCup preferred_label hopman cup
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/yearOfElectrification preferred_label year of electrification
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/gigalitre preferred_label gigalitre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/hectopascal preferred_label hectopascal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icaoAirlineCode preferred_label ICAO code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Non-ProfitOrganisation preferred_label non-profit organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/other preferred_label other
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/slogan preferred_label slogan
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bronzeMedalDouble preferred_label bronze medal double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/friend preferred_label friend
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blueSkiPisteNumber preferred_label blue ski piste number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Meeting preferred_label meeting
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inCemetery preferred_label in cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/museum preferred_label museum
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/swedishKrona preferred_label swedishKrona
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dbnlCodeDutch preferred_label Digital Library code NL
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Journalist preferred_label journalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reign preferred_label reign
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/band preferred_label band
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/stationVisitDuration preferred_label station visit duration (ω)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfAcademicStaff preferred_label number of academic staff
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FootballLeagueSeason preferred_label football league season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldMedalSingle preferred_label gold medal single
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/squareYard preferred_label squareYard
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#boolean preferred_label xsd:boolean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managerClub preferred_label manager club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/listItemOf preferred_label list item
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arrondissement preferred_label arrondissement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managerSeason preferred_label manager season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/year preferred_label year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopter preferred_label aircraft helicopter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPlatformLevels preferred_label number of platform levels
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem/height preferred_label height (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondTeam preferred_label second team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pictureDescription preferred_label picture description
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/primaryFuelType preferred_label primary fuel type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryWithFirstSatelliteLaunched preferred_label country with first satellite launched
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/probowlPick preferred_label pro bowl pick
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/motto preferred_label motto
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/peabodyAward preferred_label Peabody Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageInDegree preferred_label Wiki page in degree
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seasonManager preferred_label season manager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WaterRide preferred_label water ride
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/humanDevelopmentIndexRank preferred_label human development index rank
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/avifaunaPopulation preferred_label avifauna population
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coverArtist preferred_label cover artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/percentageLiterate preferred_label percentage of a place's population that is literate, degree of analphabetism
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/retired preferred_label retired
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/juniorTeam preferred_label junior team
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/australianDollar preferred_label australianDollar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationUrban preferred_label population urban
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/closingYear preferred_label closing year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/category preferred_label category
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/classification preferred_label classification
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmFareAward preferred_label Film Fare Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/municipalityType preferred_label type of municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usedInWar preferred_label used in war
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/successor preferred_label successor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfParticipatingNations preferred_label number of participating nations
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wholeArea preferred_label whole area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/giniCoefficientCategory preferred_label gini coefficient category
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastTranslator preferred_label broadcast translator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstWin preferred_label first win
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meetingRoad preferred_label meeting road
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wimbledonDouble preferred_label wimbledon double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distributor preferred_label distributor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flagBorder preferred_label flag border
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isbn preferred_label ISBN
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cuisine preferred_label cuisine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Square preferred_label square
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarLandingSite preferred_label lunar landing site
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageExternalLink preferred_label Link from a Wikipage to an external page
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heisman preferred_label heisman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/altitude preferred_label altitude
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pistonStroke preferred_label piston stroke (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bicycleInformation preferred_label bicycle information
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamSize preferred_label team size
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/northEastPlace preferred_label north-east place
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/colombianPeso preferred_label colombianPeso
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfOfficials preferred_label number of officials
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/establishment preferred_label Establishment
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/headteacher preferred_label head teacher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestPointIsland preferred_label highest point of the island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sportDiscipline preferred_label sport discipline
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAppearance preferred_label first appearance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/functionStartYear preferred_label function start year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stationStructure preferred_label station structure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/discharge preferred_label discharge (m³/s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blackLongDistancePisteNumber preferred_label long distance piste number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Dam preferred_label dam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politician preferred_label politician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spouseName preferred_label spouse name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalWork preferred_label musical work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastFlightStartDate preferred_label last flight start date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageUsesTemplate preferred_label wiki page uses template
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orderDate preferred_label order date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/riverBranchOf preferred_label branch of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/silverMedalMixed preferred_label silver medal mixed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/olympicGamesGold preferred_label olympic games gold
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeProgCompetition preferred_label free prog competition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/title preferred_label title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nbRevPerMonth preferred_label Number of revision per month
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpeedwayRider preferred_label speedway rider
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regentOf preferred_label regent of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grave preferred_label grave
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/license preferred_label license
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/honduranLempira preferred_label honduranLempira
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dosesFirst preferred_label DosesFirst
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/city preferred_label city
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/assembly preferred_label assembly
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/floorArea preferred_label floor area (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/linkedSpace preferred_label linked space
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionLink preferred_label region link
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chairperson preferred_label chairperson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtPGA preferred_label wins at pga
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/millicalorie preferred_label millicalorie
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVillages preferred_label number of villages
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ccaState preferred_label cca state
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draft preferred_label draft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/discontinued preferred_label discontinued
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maxTime preferred_label maximum preparation time (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInWadeGilesChinese preferred_label name in the Wade-Giles transscription of Chinese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CardGame preferred_label card game
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/disbanded preferred_label disbanded
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/apparentMagnitude preferred_label apparent magnitude
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfIsland preferred_label number of islands
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftTeam preferred_label draft team
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/millipond preferred_label millipond
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nearestCity preferred_label nearest city
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lyrics preferred_label lyrics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/council preferred_label council of a liechtenstein settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isoCodeRegion preferred_label ISO region code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sizeMap preferred_label size map
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/border preferred_label border
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dubber preferred_label dubber
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Grape preferred_label grape
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceCountry preferred_label source confluence country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/productionYears preferred_label production years
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/khlDraft preferred_label khl draft year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/collegeHof preferred_label college hof
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent preferred_label societal event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latestReleaseVersion preferred_label latest release version
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/booster preferred_label booster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/surfaceFormOccurrenceOffset preferred_label position in which a surface occurs in a text
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distributingLabel preferred_label distributing label
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frontierLength preferred_label length of a frontier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpeedwayLeague preferred_label speedway league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ground preferred_label ground
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NarutoCharacter preferred_label naruto character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sizeLogo preferred_label size logo
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/emblem preferred_label emblem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/information preferred_label information
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hsvCoordinateSaturation preferred_label saturation coordinate in the HSV colour space
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winterAppearances preferred_label winter appearances
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/footPound preferred_label footPound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure preferred_label infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thirdPlace preferred_label third place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/personFunction preferred_label person function
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vaccine preferred_label Vaccine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfParticipatingFemaleAthletes preferred_label number of participating female athletes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Musical preferred_label musical
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/translator preferred_label translator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/largestWin preferred_label largest win
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/monarch preferred_label monarch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyPlayer preferred_label rugby player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coalition preferred_label coalition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NobelPrize preferred_label Nobel Prize
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MathematicalConcept preferred_label Mathematical concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationTotalReference preferred_label total population reference
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceEndDate preferred_label service end date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/picture preferred_label picture
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/revenue preferred_label revenue ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/demographics preferred_label demographics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestState preferred_label lowest state
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landPercentage preferred_label land percentage of a place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/internationalPhonePrefix preferred_label international phone prefix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VaccinationStatistics preferred_label Vaccination Statistics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/periapsis preferred_label periapsis (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSuites preferred_label number of suites
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#time preferred_label xsd:time
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfParkingSpaces preferred_label number of parking spaces
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/britishWins preferred_label british wins
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarModule preferred_label lunar module
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalPosition preferred_label capital position
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/penisLength preferred_label penis length
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsSection preferred_label Alps section
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/genus preferred_label genus
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/visitorsPerYear preferred_label visitors per year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statisticLabel preferred_label statistic label
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DBpedian preferred_label DBpedian
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/jordanianDinar preferred_label jordanianDinar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/provides preferred_label provides
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/languageRegulator preferred_label language regulator or academy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance preferred_label information appliance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceRegion preferred_label source region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/schoolNumber preferred_label school number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/istat preferred_label code istat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/editor preferred_label editor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaTotalRanking preferred_label total area ranking
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trainerClub preferred_label trainer club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wagon preferred_label train carriage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BiologicalDatabase preferred_label Biological database
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/localPhonePrefix preferred_label local phone prefix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sisterNewspaper preferred_label sister newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pisciculturalPopulation preferred_label piscicultural population
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/centilitre preferred_label centilitre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cubicFeetPerYear preferred_label cubicFeetPerYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProtohistoricalPeriod preferred_label protohistorical period
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trackLength preferred_label track length (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/southKoreanWon preferred_label southKoreanWon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/detectionMethod preferred_label Method of discovery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeEndDirection preferred_label road end direction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/italicTitle preferred_label italic title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WaterTower preferred_label Water tower
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/medalist preferred_label medalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherAppearances preferred_label other appearances
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/dryCargo preferred_label dry cargo (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Race preferred_label race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spurOf preferred_label spur of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tag preferred_label tag
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/averageSpeed preferred_label average speed (km/s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/judge preferred_label judge
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/Mass preferred_label Mass
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coach preferred_label coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MobilePhone preferred_label mobile phone
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/japaneseYen preferred_label japaneseYen
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/buildingEndYear preferred_label building end year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minTime preferred_label minimum preparation time (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrehistoricalPeriod preferred_label prehistorical period
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorsportRacer preferred_label motorsport racer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/peopleVaccinatedPerHundred preferred_label People Vaccinated Per Hundred
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalSubstance/boilingPoint preferred_label boiling point (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/galicianSpeakersDate preferred_label galicianSpeakersDate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MixedMartialArtsLeague preferred_label mixed martial arts league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateExtended preferred_label date extended
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/podiums preferred_label podiums
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icd10 preferred_label ICD10
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ward preferred_label ward of a liechtenstein settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/worldChampionTitleYear preferred_label year of world champion title
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/mauritanianOuguiya preferred_label mauritanianOuguiya
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/place preferred_label Relates an entity to the populated place in which it is located.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCapitalDeputies preferred_label Number Of Capital Deputies
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leadTeam preferred_label lead team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/skiPisteKilometre preferred_label ski piste kilometre (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cfpFranc preferred_label cfpFranc
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gene preferred_label gene
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/sudanesePound preferred_label sudanesePound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAscent preferred_label first ascent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/treatment preferred_label treatment
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/course preferred_label course (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/day preferred_label day
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPersonEntities preferred_label number of Person class (entities) in DBpedia
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/drugbank preferred_label DrugBank
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agglomerationPopulationYear preferred_label agglomerationPopulationYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locationCountry preferred_label państwo
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/barPassRate preferred_label bar pass rate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vicePrimeMinister preferred_label vice prime minister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icdo preferred_label ICDO
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfRedirectedResource preferred_label numberOfRedirectedResource
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfAlbums preferred_label number of albums
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/frequencyOfPublication preferred_label frequency of publication
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/causeOfDeath preferred_label cause of death
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/livingPlace preferred_label livingPlace
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BobsleighAthlete preferred_label BobsleighAthlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMatches preferred_label number of matches or caps
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/megawattHour preferred_label megawattHour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gnetophytes preferred_label Gnetophytes
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/poundFoot preferred_label poundFoot
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/relativeAtomicMass preferred_label atomic weight
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/gramPerCubicCentimetre preferred_label gramPerCubicCentimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/usOpenSingle preferred_label us open single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subMunicipalityType preferred_label type of municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/releaseLocation preferred_label release location
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vicePrincipal preferred_label vice principal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioStation preferred_label radio station
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/bangladeshiTaka preferred_label bangladeshiTaka
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fuelConsumption preferred_label fuel consumption
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/calorie preferred_label calorie
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfClassesWithResource preferred_label numberOfClassesWithResource
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/centimetre preferred_label centimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mayorMandate preferred_label mayorMandate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continentRank preferred_label continent rank
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasChannel preferred_label has channel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grayPage preferred_label Gray page
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInHangulKorean preferred_label name in Hangul-written Korean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DistrictWaterBoard preferred_label district water board
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/solicitorGeneral preferred_label solicitor general
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/metrePerSecond preferred_label metrePerSecond
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alternativeText preferred_label alternative text
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lineLength preferred_label line length (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug/meltingPoint preferred_label melting point (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionServed preferred_label region served
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landingVehicle preferred_label landing vehicle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankingsDoubles preferred_label doubles rankings
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/supplementalDraftYear preferred_label supplemental draft year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/representative preferred_label number of representatives
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/internationalPhonePrefixLabel preferred_label international phone prefix label
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skyscraper preferred_label skyscraper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meshNumber preferred_label MeSH number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/recommissioningDate preferred_label recommissioning date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FieldHockeyLeague preferred_label field hockey league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstFlightStartDate preferred_label first flight start date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highschool preferred_label highschool
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/barangays preferred_label barangays
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GeologicalPeriod preferred_label geological period
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dorlandsPrefix preferred_label Dorlands prefix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landeshauptmann preferred_label landeshauptmann
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/abstract preferred_label has abstract
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikidataSplitIri preferred_label Wikidata IRI slit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/atPage preferred_label page number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtMajors preferred_label wins at majors
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/municipality preferred_label municipality
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/israeliNewSheqel preferred_label israeliNewSheqel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stationVisitDuration preferred_label station visit duration (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/committeeInLegislature preferred_label committee in legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/elementGroup preferred_label element group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/playerStatus preferred_label player status
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProductNominalPerCapita preferred_label gross domestic product nominal per capita
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/timeshiftChannel preferred_label timeshift channel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lawCountry preferred_label law country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/majorShrine preferred_label major shrine
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/hour preferred_label hour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/makeupArtist preferred_label makeup artist
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/milliampere preferred_label milliampere
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceElevation preferred_label source elevation (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/authorityTitle preferred_label authority title of a romanian settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minority preferred_label minority
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/successfulLaunches preferred_label successful launches
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/reignName preferred_label reign name
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/meganewton preferred_label meganewton
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/legalForm preferred_label legal form
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notableWine preferred_label notable wine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/climbUpNumber preferred_label clip up number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/appointer preferred_label appointer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/codeSettlement preferred_label settlement code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/displacement preferred_label displacement (cc)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/staff preferred_label staff
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bronzeMedalist preferred_label bronze medalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/agglomeration preferred_label agglomeration
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/influenced preferred_label influenced
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gross preferred_label gross ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/addressInRoad preferred_label address in road
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastFlightEndDate preferred_label last flight end date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/taste preferred_label taste or flavour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heir preferred_label heir
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentlyUsedFor preferred_label currently used for
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Producer preferred_label Producer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/restingPlacePosition preferred_label resting place position
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GraveMonument preferred_label grave stone or grave monument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EmployersOrganisation preferred_label Employers' Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/voiceType preferred_label voice type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PhilosophicalConcept preferred_label Philosophical concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/blazonRatio preferred_label blazon ratio
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/callsignMeaning preferred_label call sign meaning
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPersonBornInPlace preferred_label number of entities of Person class born in the place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/grossDomesticProductPerPeople preferred_label gross domestic product per people
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orcidId preferred_label ORCID Id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hsvCoordinateHue preferred_label hue coordinate in the HSV colour space
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/management preferred_label management
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/silverMedalSingle preferred_label silver medal single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/skills preferred_label skills
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/barbadosDollar preferred_label barbadosDollar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalNotLatinTitle preferred_label titre original non latin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/superTribus preferred_label supertribus
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bbr preferred_label BBR
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/conservationStatus preferred_label conservation status
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gridReference preferred_label grid reference
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/compressionRatio preferred_label compression ratio
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/atcSuffix preferred_label ATC suffix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/depthQuote preferred_label depth quote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/topLevelDomain preferred_label country top level (tld)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPartOfAnatomicalStructure preferred_label is part of anatomical structure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/strength preferred_label strength
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/whaDraft preferred_label wha draft
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/dominicanPeso preferred_label dominicanPeso
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/road preferred_label road
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shape preferred_label intercommunality shape
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mythology preferred_label mythology
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthPlace preferred_label mouth place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/flashPoint preferred_label flash point
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sizeBlazon preferred_label size blazon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orderInOffice preferred_label order in office
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/club preferred_label club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalDistrict preferred_label Historical district
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lastRace preferred_label last race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capacityFactor preferred_label capacity factor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lethalOnChickens preferred_label lethal when given to chickens
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unitCost preferred_label unit cost ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease preferred_label disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CrossCountrySkier preferred_label cross-country skier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volumes preferred_label volumes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/v_hb preferred_label V_hb
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icd1 preferred_label ICD1
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/scale preferred_label scale
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/timeInSpace preferred_label total time person has spent in space (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tvComId preferred_label tv.com id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wsopWinYear preferred_label wsop win year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestState preferred_label highest state
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/purchasingPowerParityYear preferred_label purchasing power parity year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClubMoss preferred_label club moss
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/circumcised preferred_label circumcised
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/detractor preferred_label detractor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/minimumAreaQuote preferred_label minimum area quote
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/degreeFahrenheit preferred_label degreeFahrenheit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startYear preferred_label start year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/decommissioningDate preferred_label decommissioning date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parkingLotsTrucks preferred_label number of parking lots for trucks
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Venue preferred_label venue
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/secondPlace preferred_label second place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fuelSystem preferred_label fuel system
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/terahertz preferred_label terahertz
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/time preferred_label time
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalName preferred_label original name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ithfDate preferred_label ithf date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfDependency preferred_label number of dependency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent preferred_label sports event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/viceChancellor preferred_label vice chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft preferred_label spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVolumes preferred_label number of volumes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfResource preferred_label numberOfResource
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/swissFranc preferred_label swissFranc
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfArrondissement preferred_label number of arrondissement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/damsire preferred_label damsire
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gradNum preferred_label GARDNum
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tournamentOfChampions preferred_label tournament of champions
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/premiereYear preferred_label premiere year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/procedure preferred_label procedure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/productShape preferred_label product shape
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mapDescription preferred_label map description
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eurobabeIndexId preferred_label eurobabe index id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/foundingYear preferred_label founding year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasAnnotation preferred_label Indicates an annotation associated with this document
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/magazine preferred_label magazine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageWikiLinkText preferred_label Text used to link from a Wikipage to another Wikipage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Surfer preferred_label surfer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lounge preferred_label lounge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/totalMass preferred_label total mass (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLaps preferred_label number of laps
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/majorIsland preferred_label major island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/seatNumber preferred_label number of seats in the land parlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/politicalFunction preferred_label political function
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sharingOutPopulation preferred_label sharing out population
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftLeague preferred_label draft league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/density preferred_label density (μ3)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerTeam preferred_label former team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fern preferred_label fern
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/ethiopianBirr preferred_label ethiopianBirr
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/institution preferred_label institution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/twinTown preferred_label twin city
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherFunction preferred_label other function
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inscription preferred_label inscription
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/producedBy preferred_label produced by
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/rwandaFranc preferred_label rwandaFranc
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thumbnail preferred_label thumbnail
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MixedMartialArtsEvent preferred_label mixed martial arts event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/countryWithFirstSatellite preferred_label country with first satellite
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meanTemperature preferred_label mean temperature (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eparchy preferred_label eparchy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/minimumTemperature preferred_label minimum temperature (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourcePlace preferred_label source place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/knownFor preferred_label known for
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/climate preferred_label climate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalProvince preferred_label Historical province
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/debutTeam preferred_label debut team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Man preferred_label man
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geolocDual preferred_label geolocdual
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fossil preferred_label fossil
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/painter preferred_label painter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/endangeredSince preferred_label endangered since
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/chain preferred_label chain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankAgreement preferred_label rank of an agreement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RecordLabel preferred_label record label
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tenant preferred_label tenant
http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#langString preferred_label rdf:langString
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locationCity preferred_label location city
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highest preferred_label highest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfStations preferred_label number of stations
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oilSystem preferred_label oil system
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continentalTournament preferred_label continental tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/alpsSoiusaCode preferred_label Alps SOIUSA code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/lunarSampleMass preferred_label lunar sample mass (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subdivisionLink preferred_label subdivision link
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coatOfArms preferred_label coat of arms image
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/perMil preferred_label perMil
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseTrainer preferred_label horse trainer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfProperties preferred_label numberOfProperties
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/nanonewton preferred_label nanonewton
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateConstruction preferred_label date construction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tradeMark preferred_label TradeMark
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstGame preferred_label first game
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousPopulation preferred_label previous population
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landskap preferred_label norwegian landskap
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftYear preferred_label draft year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaOfCatchmentQuote preferred_label area of catchment quote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/enemy preferred_label enemy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startCareer preferred_label start career
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasKMLData preferred_label Has KML data associated with it (usually because of KML overlays)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subClassis preferred_label sub-classis
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rocket/mass preferred_label mass (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/supply preferred_label supply
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/standardAtmosphere preferred_label standardAtmosphere
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/terytCode preferred_label TERYT code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/continentalTournamentGold preferred_label continental tournament gold
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/importantStation preferred_label important station
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/InformationUnit preferred_label InformationUnit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/programCost preferred_label program cost ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/systemOfLaw preferred_label system of law
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work/runtime preferred_label runtime (m)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/silverMedalDouble preferred_label silver medal double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aircraftHelicopterUtility preferred_label aircraft helicopter utility
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankPopulation preferred_label rank of a population
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/previousName preferred_label previous name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/functionEndYear preferred_label function end year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mountainRange preferred_label mountain range
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/decay preferred_label decay
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstAscentPerson preferred_label person that first ascented a mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ensembl preferred_label ensemble
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dateCompleted preferred_label date completed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/waistSize preferred_label waist size (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BusinessPerson preferred_label businessperson
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/hectare preferred_label hectare
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/Time preferred_label Time
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nlaId preferred_label NLA Id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/inn preferred_label INN
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Poet preferred_label poet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/selection preferred_label selection
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chemicalFormula preferred_label chemical formula
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/spacewalkBegin preferred_label spacewalk begin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bestYearWsop preferred_label best year wsop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/volcanoId preferred_label volcano id
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/squareInch preferred_label squareInch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/jureLanguage preferred_label jure language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prov:Entity preferred_label Entity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentPosition preferred_label government position
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gradName preferred_label GARDName
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfMinistries preferred_label number of ministries
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/chiefEditor preferred_label chief editor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/leagueManager preferred_label league manager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/trackNumber preferred_label track number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coronationDate preferred_label coronation date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governingBody preferred_label governing body
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thirdDriverCountry preferred_label third driver country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presidentRegionalCouncil preferred_label president regional council
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isPartOfWineRegion preferred_label is part of wine region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company preferred_label company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowerEarthOrbitPayload preferred_label lower earth orbit payload (g)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aSide preferred_label a side
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subsequentInfrastructure preferred_label subsequent infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/minimumTemperature preferred_label minimum temperature (K)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/squareMetre preferred_label squareMetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/websiteLabel preferred_label label of a website
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/followedBy preferred_label followed by
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lieutenancy preferred_label lieutenancy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/broadcastStationClass preferred_label broadcast station class
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/legislature preferred_label legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/intercommunality preferred_label intercommunality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nflSeason preferred_label nfl season
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/bosniaAndHerzegovinaConvertibleMarks preferred_label bosniaAndHerzegovinaConvertibleMarks
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/australiaOpenSingle preferred_label australia open single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/circulation preferred_label circulation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/defeatAsMgr preferred_label defeat as team manager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/regionalCouncil preferred_label regional council
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/architecturalMovement preferred_label architectural movement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ibdbId preferred_label IBDB ID
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowestPoint preferred_label lowest point
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/stationEvaDuration preferred_label station EVA duration (ω)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RouteOfTransportation preferred_label route of transportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/apprehended preferred_label apprehended
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/oldTeamCoached preferred_label old team coached
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/musicBrainzArtistId preferred_label MusicBrainz artist id
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/russianRouble preferred_label russianRouble
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/density preferred_label density (μ3)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parkingLotsCars preferred_label number of parking lots for cars
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalLostTeam preferred_label final lost team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prospectTeam preferred_label prospect team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cityLink preferred_label city link
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coachSeason preferred_label coach season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/vaccination preferred_label vaccination
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cargoWater preferred_label cargo water (g)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTeam preferred_label national team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/office preferred_label (political) office
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NuclearPowerStation preferred_label Nuclear Power plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/diameter preferred_label diameter (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skos preferred_label Concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/followingEvent preferred_label following event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/namedAfter preferred_label named after
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mouthPosition preferred_label mouth position
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nation preferred_label nation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/servingRailwayLine preferred_label serving railway line
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lake preferred_label vastest lake
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/image preferred_label image
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WineRegion preferred_label wine region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/languageFamily preferred_label family
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statisticYear preferred_label statistic year
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/brakeHorsepower preferred_label brakeHorsepower
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfProfessionals preferred_label number of professionals
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilogram preferred_label kilogram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/second preferred_label second
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/latestPreviewVersion preferred_label latest preview version
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shipLaunch preferred_label ship launched
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYears preferred_label active years
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coastLine preferred_label coast line (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/commissioningDate preferred_label commissioning date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/participatingIn preferred_label participates/participated in
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/macanesePataca preferred_label macanesePataca
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/poundSterling preferred_label poundSterling
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subdivisions preferred_label subdivisions
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/comorianFranc preferred_label comorianFranc
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/licensee preferred_label licensee
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmNumber preferred_label film number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/productionStartYear preferred_label production start year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/min preferred_label min
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cubicInch preferred_label cubicInch
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/chileanPeso preferred_label chileanPeso
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestPosition preferred_label highest position
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cubicFeetPerSecond preferred_label cubicFeetPerSecond
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/imposedDanseScore preferred_label imposed danse score
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/turkmenistaniManat preferred_label turkmenistaniManat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/youthYears preferred_label youth years
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/starRating preferred_label star rating
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parentheses preferred_label parentheses
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/PopulationDensity preferred_label PopulationDensity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmAudioType preferred_label film audio type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/penaltyScore preferred_label penalty score
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/localizationThumbnail preferred_label thumbnail localization
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPostgraduateStudents preferred_label number of postgraduate students
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/denomination preferred_label denomination
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/summerAppearances preferred_label summer appearances
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/affiliation preferred_label affiliation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pubchem preferred_label PubChem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/thirdTeam preferred_label third team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/epoch preferred_label epoch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mediaType preferred_label media type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/britishOpen preferred_label britishOpen
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/powerType preferred_label power type
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/millisecond preferred_label millisecond
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/uruguayanPeso preferred_label uruguayanPeso
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/feature preferred_label feature
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/Force preferred_label Force
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sportCountry preferred_label sport country
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/panamanianBalboa preferred_label panamanianBalboa
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/FlowRate preferred_label FlowRate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalRanking preferred_label national ranking
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberSold preferred_label number sold
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/muteCharacterInPlay preferred_label mute character in play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/characterInPlay preferred_label character in play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/launchSite preferred_label launch site
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lieutenant preferred_label lieutenant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/outskirts preferred_label outskirts
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/subTribus preferred_label subtribus
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/aggregation preferred_label Aggregation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/copilote preferred_label copilote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Community preferred_label Community
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/projectKeyword preferred_label project keyword
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/millihertz preferred_label millihertz
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cmykCoordinateMagenta preferred_label magenta coordinate in the CMYK space
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refcul preferred_label reference for cultural data
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasNaturalBust preferred_label has natural bust
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gnl preferred_label gnl
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HumanGene preferred_label HumanGene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/distanceToCharingCross preferred_label distance to Charing Cross (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maxAbsoluteMagnitude preferred_label maximum absolute magnitude
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/openingFilm preferred_label opening film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/unNumber preferred_label UN number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/largestMetro preferred_label largest metro
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/extinctionYear preferred_label extinction year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isMinorRevision preferred_label Is a minor revision
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/deFactoLanguage preferred_label de facto language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dist_pc preferred_label dist_pc
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal/maximumBoatLength preferred_label maximum boat length (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Reptile preferred_label reptile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orientation preferred_label orientation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/skiLift preferred_label ski lift
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilometrePerSecond preferred_label kilometrePerSecond
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/structuralSystem preferred_label structural system
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/skiTow preferred_label ski tow
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/garrison preferred_label garrison
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/falklandIslandsPound preferred_label falklandIslandsPound
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/carat preferred_label carat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wikiPageEditLink preferred_label Link to the Wikipage edit URL
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/currentRank preferred_label current rank
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/startDateTime preferred_label start date and time
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ekatteCode preferred_label EKATTE code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/routeTypeAbbreviation preferred_label route type abbreviation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mayorTitle preferred_label mayor title of a hungarian settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/convictionDate preferred_label conviction date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/president preferred_label president
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/derivedWord preferred_label derived word
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/renminbi preferred_label renminbi
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/graySubject preferred_label Gray subject
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/littlePoolRecord preferred_label little pool record
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/runtime preferred_label runtime (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceStartDate preferred_label service start date
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/malaysianRinggit preferred_label malaysianRinggit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/budget preferred_label budget ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/teamManager preferred_label team manager
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/tunisianDinar preferred_label tunisianDinar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/filmVersion preferred_label film version
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTournamentSilver preferred_label national tournament silver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mollusca preferred_label mollusca
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fipsCode preferred_label fips code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/superOrder preferred_label super-order
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/maidenVoyage preferred_label maiden voyage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/bodyStyle preferred_label body style
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/groundsForLiquidation preferred_label grounds for termination of activities
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/romanianNewLeu preferred_label romanianNewLeu
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/person preferred_label person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballSeason preferred_label baseball season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfWineries preferred_label number of wineries
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalEndPoint preferred_label original end point
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lowerAge preferred_label lower age
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/christeningDate preferred_label date of christening
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/phylum preferred_label phylum
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/protestantPercentage preferred_label protestant percentage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gymApparatus preferred_label gym apparatus
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/megacalorie preferred_label megacalorie
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/digitalSubChannel preferred_label digital sub channel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/locationIdentifier preferred_label Location Identifier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/arrestDate preferred_label arrest date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/snowParkNumber preferred_label snow park number
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/westAfricanCfaFranc preferred_label westAfricanCfaFranc
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/network preferred_label network
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/squareNauticalMile preferred_label squareNauticalMile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile/fuelCapacity preferred_label fuel capacity (l)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kelvin preferred_label kelvin
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/educationPlace preferred_label education place
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilowatt preferred_label kilowatt
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/medicalCause preferred_label medical cause
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaRural preferred_label area rural (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/clubsRecordGoalscorer preferred_label clubs record goalscorer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/networth preferred_label networth ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/populationDensity preferred_label population density (/sqkm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lchfDraftTeam preferred_label lchf draft team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/suspectedCases preferred_label Suspected Cases
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/floorCount preferred_label floor count
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/torqueOutput preferred_label torque output (Nm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/federation preferred_label federation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/radius_ly preferred_label Radius_ly
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HockeyClub preferred_label hockey club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sex preferred_label sex
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/penaltiesTeamA preferred_label Penalties Team A
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/winsAtSun preferred_label wins at sun
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/associate preferred_label associate
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/rod preferred_label rod
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/wimbledonSingle preferred_label wimbledon single
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilojoule preferred_label kilojoule
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/variantOf preferred_label variant or variation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalSubstance/meltingPoint preferred_label melting point (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cargoGas preferred_label cargo gas (g)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/nanometre preferred_label nanometre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/championInMixedDouble preferred_label champion in mixed double
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/personsFirstDosesCumul preferred_label PersonsFirstDosesCumul
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sourceConfluenceState preferred_label source confluence state
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/zodiacSign preferred_label zodiac sign
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/governmentPlace preferred_label government place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/gameModus preferred_label Modus the game can be played in
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/namibianDollar preferred_label namibianDollar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/otherSportsExperience preferred_label otherSportsExperience
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/refseqmrna preferred_label refseq mRNA
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/towerHeight preferred_label tower height
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPads preferred_label number of pads
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilometrePerHour preferred_label kilometrePerHour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DTMRacer preferred_label DTM racer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/periapsis preferred_label periapsis (km)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/perCent preferred_label perCent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WikimediaTemplate preferred_label Wikimedia template
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/militaryRank preferred_label military rank
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/gram preferred_label gram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/heightAboveAverageTerrain preferred_label height above average terrain (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerClubSeason preferred_label soccer club season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/introduced preferred_label introduced
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/decimetre preferred_label decimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/partitionCoefficient preferred_label Partition coefficient
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/StarCluster preferred_label Star сluster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shipBeam preferred_label ship beam (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LifeCycleEvent preferred_label life cycle event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/stateOfOriginYear preferred_label state of origin year
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gMonth preferred_label xsd:gMonth
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfVehicles preferred_label number of vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fuelTypeName preferred_label fuel type
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string preferred_label xsd:string
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/northKoreanWon preferred_label northKoreanWon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/originalDanseScore preferred_label original danse score
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/backhand preferred_label backhand
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/approach preferred_label approach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sportsFunction preferred_label sports function
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/finalPublicationYear preferred_label final publication year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream/maximumDischarge preferred_label maximum discharge (m³/s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nflCode preferred_label nfl code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nationalTournamentGold preferred_label national tournament gold
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/surfaceGravity preferred_label surface gravity (g)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/FuelEfficiency preferred_label FuelEfficiency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/updated preferred_label updated
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rightAscension preferred_label right ascension
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/torchBearer preferred_label torch bearer
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cubicDecimetre preferred_label cubicDecimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/sentence preferred_label sentence
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/freeFlightTime preferred_label free flight time (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parentMountainPeak preferred_label parent mountain peak
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/parentOrganisation preferred_label parent organisation
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/yemeniRial preferred_label yemeniRial
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/tonganPaanga preferred_label tonganPaanga
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/decoration preferred_label decoration
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/perCapitaIncome preferred_label per capita income ($)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cyclistGenre preferred_label cyclist genre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilometresPerLitre preferred_label kilometresPerLitre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/squareMile preferred_label squareMile
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/metre preferred_label metre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/wattHour preferred_label wattHour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/electionDate preferred_label election date
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/ugandaShilling preferred_label ugandaShilling
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/awardName preferred_label awardName
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/lunarOrbitTime preferred_label lunar orbit time (ω)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/councilArea preferred_label Council area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/meshName preferred_label MeSH name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statistic preferred_label statistic
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/mongolianTögrög preferred_label mongolianTögrög
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/medlinePlus preferred_label MedlinePlus
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/officialOpenedBy preferred_label official opened by
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highwaySystem preferred_label highway system
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cubicMile preferred_label cubicMile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/landtag preferred_label austrian land tag
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInCantoneseChinese preferred_label name in Yue Chinese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfFilms preferred_label number of films
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/notifyDate preferred_label notify date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/clothingSize preferred_label clothing size
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/mostDownPoint preferred_label most down point of a norwegian settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSettlementsInCountry preferred_label number of entities of Settlement class in country
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/squareCentimetre preferred_label squareCentimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GeopoliticalOrganisation/areaMetro preferred_label area metro (km2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway/mass preferred_label mass (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsEndYearMgr preferred_label active years end year manager
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/inch preferred_label inch
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gDay preferred_label xsd:gDay
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ceeb preferred_label ceeb
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/brand preferred_label brand
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ndlId preferred_label NDL id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/nameInMinnanyuChinese preferred_label name in Minnanyu Chinese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/custodian preferred_label custodian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/confirmedCases preferred_label Confirmed Cases
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/inchPound preferred_label inchPound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/metropolitanBorough preferred_label metropolitan borough
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfPeopleAttending preferred_label number of people attending
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/decilitre preferred_label decilitre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCanton preferred_label number of canton
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/armenianDram preferred_label armenianDram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClericalAdministrativeRegion preferred_label clerical administrative region
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/erg preferred_label erg
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/victims preferred_label victims (string)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilolightYear preferred_label kilolightYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/command preferred_label command
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/background preferred_label background
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/illiteracy preferred_label illiteracy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cmykCoordinateYellow preferred_label yellow coordinate in the CMYK space
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/thaiBaht preferred_label thaiBaht
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/width preferred_label width (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GeopoliticalOrganisation/populationDensity preferred_label population density (/sqkm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/summerTemperature preferred_label summer temperature (K)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurTie preferred_label amateur tie
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/perCapitaIncomeAsOf preferred_label per capita income as of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine preferred_label engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldenRaspberryAward preferred_label Golden Raspberry Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cartoon preferred_label cartoon
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/joule preferred_label joule
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/bruneiDollar preferred_label bruneiDollar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/surfaceArea preferred_label surface area (km2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/brinCode preferred_label BRIN code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeScoreCompetition preferred_label free score competition
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/trinidadAndTobagoDollar preferred_label trinidadAndTobagoDollar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/medicalDiagnosis preferred_label medical diagnosis
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/hand preferred_label hand
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/organSystem preferred_label organ system
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilometre preferred_label kilometre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/polishZłoty preferred_label polishZłoty
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/bit preferred_label bit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/adjacentSettlement preferred_label adjacent settlement of a switzerland settlement
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/singaporeDollar preferred_label singaporeDollar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/pistonStroke preferred_label piston stroke (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/serviceNumber preferred_label service number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/mass preferred_label mass (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/formerName preferred_label former name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/goldenGlobeAward preferred_label Golden Globe Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/delegateMayor preferred_label delegate mayor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/totalVaccinationsPerHundred preferred_label Total Vaccinations Per Hundred
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dutchArtworkCode preferred_label Dutch artwork code
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/newtonCentimetre preferred_label newtonCentimetre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aristocrat preferred_label aristocrat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ons preferred_label ONS ID (Office national des statistiques) Algeria
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/longDistancePisteNumber preferred_label long distance piste number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/highestBreak preferred_label highest break
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/icaoLocationIdentifier preferred_label ICAO Location Identifier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managementPosition preferred_label management position
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/generationUnits preferred_label generation units
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilopascal preferred_label kilopascal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/presentMunicipality preferred_label present municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/employersCelebration preferred_label employer's celebration
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/gigahertz preferred_label gigahertz
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/co2Emission preferred_label CO2 emission (g/km)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/eMedicineTopic preferred_label eMedicine topic
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft/dockedTime preferred_label docked time (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/mexicanPeso preferred_label mexicanPeso
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurTitle preferred_label amateur title
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurDefeat preferred_label amateur defeat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile/wheelbase preferred_label wheelbase (mm)
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#positiveInteger preferred_label xsd:positiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportCompetitionResult preferred_label results of a sport competition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/executiveHeadteacher preferred_label executive headteacher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/amateurYear preferred_label amateur year
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/squareHectometre preferred_label squareHectometre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/millibar preferred_label millibar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/orthologousGene preferred_label Orthologous Gene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfSports preferred_label number of sports
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet/periapsis preferred_label periapsis (km)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationYear preferred_label population year
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/Voltage preferred_label Voltage
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/bermudianDollar preferred_label bermudianDollar
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/horsepower preferred_label horsepower
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prominence preferred_label prominence (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MetroStation preferred_label subway station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/qatarClassic preferred_label qatar classic
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/gigametre preferred_label gigametre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsStartYearMgr preferred_label active years start year manager
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/microlitre preferred_label microlitre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/managementElevation preferred_label management elevation (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/cylinderBore preferred_label cylinder bore (mm)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/milePerHour preferred_label milePerHour
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/omaniRial preferred_label omaniRial
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cubicFoot preferred_label cubicFoot
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/uzbekistanSom preferred_label uzbekistanSom
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/egyptianPound preferred_label egyptianPound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/fillingStation preferred_label filling station
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/swaziLilangeni preferred_label swaziLilangeni
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/firstLaunchDate preferred_label first launch date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rebuildingDate preferred_label rebuilding date
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cambodianRiel preferred_label cambodianRiel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/phonePrefixLabel preferred_label phone prefix label of a settlement
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilogramPerLitre preferred_label kilogramPerLitre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/icelandKrona preferred_label icelandKrona
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYear preferred_label xsd:gYear
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/danseCompetition preferred_label danse competition
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/nanosecond preferred_label nanosecond
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/megapond preferred_label megapond
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/government preferred_label government
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/imperialGallon preferred_label imperialGallon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfOutdegree preferred_label numberOfOutdegree
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/bolivianBoliviano preferred_label bolivianBoliviano
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cites preferred_label cites
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/cmpEvaDuration preferred_label CMP EVA duration (s)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryService preferred_label military service
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ra preferred_label ra
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake/shoreLength preferred_label shore length (km)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/shortProgScore preferred_label short prog score
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/furlong preferred_label furlong
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/areaDate preferred_label area date
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/megavolt preferred_label megavolt
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/kindOfCriminal preferred_label kind of criminal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/visitorsPerDay preferred_label visitors per day
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#negativeInteger preferred_label xsd:negativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfEntrances preferred_label number of entrances
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/indianRupee preferred_label indianRupee
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/surfaceArea preferred_label surface area (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/bahamianDollar preferred_label bahamianDollar
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/ampere preferred_label ampere
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/lunarSampleMass preferred_label lunar sample mass (g)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/activeYearsStartDateMgr preferred_label active years start date manager
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/mile preferred_label mile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/courseArea preferred_label course area (m2)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/draftPick preferred_label draft pick
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfCantons preferred_label Number Of Cantons
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hasInput preferred_label has input
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/specialTrial preferred_label special trial
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/capitalElevation preferred_label capital elevation (μ)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/albanianLek preferred_label albanianLek
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/Energy preferred_label Energy
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/milliwatt preferred_label milliwatt
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/coachedTeam preferred_label coached team
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/megabit preferred_label megabit
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/bar preferred_label bar
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/laoKip preferred_label laoKip
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/microampere preferred_label microampere
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/populationMetroDensity preferred_label population metro density (/sqkm)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/statName preferred_label stat name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/noContest preferred_label no contest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/lunarEvaTime preferred_label lunar EVA time (ω)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/millinewton preferred_label millinewton
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tradingName preferred_label trading name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/populationPctChildren preferred_label population percentage under 12 years
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/zimbabweanDollar preferred_label zimbabweanDollar
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cubicCentimetre preferred_label cubicCentimetre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/samoanTala preferred_label samoanTala
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/squareDecametre preferred_label squareDecametre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/dressCode preferred_label dress code
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/numberOfLines preferred_label number of lines
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/geneLocationStart preferred_label gene location start
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/licenceNumber preferred_label licence number
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/tessitura preferred_label tessitura
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/hertz preferred_label hertz
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/isil preferred_label International Standard Identifier for Libraries and Related Organizations (ISIL)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/electionDateLeader preferred_label election date leader
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/solomonIslandsDollar preferred_label solomonIslandsDollar
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/tanzanianShilling preferred_label tanzanianShilling
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GatedCommunity preferred_label Gated community
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/haitiGourde preferred_label haitiGourde
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/sriLankanRupee preferred_label sriLankanRupee
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/squareDecimetre preferred_label squareDecimetre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilocalorie preferred_label kilocalorie
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cubicMillimetre preferred_label cubicMillimetre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/poundal preferred_label poundal
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/fathom preferred_label fathom
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/costaRicanColon preferred_label costaRicanColon
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/megawatt preferred_label megawatt
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/megahertz preferred_label megahertz
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/megabyte preferred_label megabyte
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/guineaFranc preferred_label guineaFranc
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kazakhstaniTenge preferred_label kazakhstaniTenge
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/botswanaPula preferred_label botswanaPula
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/rankArea preferred_label rank of an area
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/acre preferred_label acre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilogramPerCubicMetre preferred_label kilogramPerCubicMetre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kiloampere preferred_label kiloampere
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/serbianDinar preferred_label serbianDinar
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/LinearMassDensity preferred_label LinearMassDensity
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#float preferred_label xsd:float
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#date preferred_label xsd:date
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/freeFlightTime preferred_label free flight time (s)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/seychellesRupee preferred_label seychellesRupee
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/millimetre preferred_label millimetre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/squareFoot preferred_label squareFoot
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/paraguayanGuarani preferred_label paraguayanGuarani
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/giganewton preferred_label giganewton
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/millivolt preferred_label millivolt
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kenyanShilling preferred_label kenyanShilling
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/kilogramForce preferred_label kilogramForce
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/translatedMotto preferred_label translated motto
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/megapascal preferred_label megapascal
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/ghanaianCedi preferred_label ghanaianCedi
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/pound preferred_label pound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine/torqueOutput preferred_label torque output (Nm)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/gramPerMillilitre preferred_label gramPerMillilitre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/vanuatuVatu preferred_label vanuatuVatu
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/gigawattHour preferred_label gigawattHour
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/newton preferred_label newton
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/fijiDollar preferred_label fijiDollar
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/Frequency preferred_label Frequency
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/libyanDinar preferred_label libyanDinar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy/mass preferred_label mass (kg)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream/dischargeAverage preferred_label discharge average (m³/s)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/Length preferred_label Length
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission/lunarSurfaceTime preferred_label lunar surface time (ω)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/gramForce preferred_label gramForce
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/latvianLats preferred_label latvianLats
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/papuaNewGuineanKina preferred_label papuaNewGuineanKina
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/toll preferred_label toll ($)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/iranianRial preferred_label iranianRial
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/syrianPound preferred_label syrianPound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/licenceNumberLabel preferred_label licence number label
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/microvolt preferred_label microvolt
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/capeVerdeEscudo preferred_label capeVerdeEscudo
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/valvetrain preferred_label valvetrain
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/volt preferred_label volt
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/guatemalanQuetzal preferred_label guatemalanQuetzal
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/usGallon preferred_label usGallon
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/megalitre preferred_label megalitre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/Area preferred_label Area
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/jamaicanDollar preferred_label jamaicanDollar
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/brazilianReal preferred_label brazilianReal
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/poundPerSquareInch preferred_label poundPerSquareInch
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/macedonianDenar preferred_label macedonianDenar
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/afghanAfghani preferred_label afghanAfghani
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/cubicMetrePerYear preferred_label cubicMetrePerYear
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/azerbaijaniManat preferred_label azerbaijaniManat
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/iraqiDinar preferred_label iraqiDinar
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/milliwattHour preferred_label milliwattHour
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/milligramForce preferred_label milligramForce
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/venezuelanBolívar preferred_label venezuelanBolívar
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/footPerSecond preferred_label footPerSecond
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/maldivianRufiyaa preferred_label maldivianRufiyaa
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/southAfricanRand preferred_label southAfricanRand
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/engineConfiguration preferred_label engineConfiguration
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/ElectricCurrent preferred_label ElectricCurrent
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/inhabitantsPerSquareKilometre preferred_label inhabitantsPerSquareKilometre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/watt preferred_label watt
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#nonPositiveInteger preferred_label xsd:nonPositiveInteger
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/hectometre preferred_label hectometre
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/Torque preferred_label Torque
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/lithuanianLitas preferred_label lithuanianLitas
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/qatariRial preferred_label qatariRial
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/lebanesePound preferred_label lebanesePound
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/second preferred_label second
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/sãoToméAndPríncipeDobra preferred_label sãoToméAndPríncipeDobra
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/pascal preferred_label pascal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/setupTime preferred_label setup time (s)
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/nicaraguanCórdoba preferred_label nicaraguanCórdoba
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/indonesianRupiah preferred_label indonesianRupiah
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#dateTime preferred_label xsd:dateTime
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace/populationUrbanDensity preferred_label population urban density (/sqkm)
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#nonNegativeInteger preferred_label xsd:nonNegativeInteger
http://dbpedia.org/datatype/malagasyAriary preferred_label malagasyAriary
http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#anyURI preferred_label xsd:anyURI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_Imperial preferred_label クライスラー・インペリアル
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_Imperial preferred_label Chrysler Imperial (1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_Imperial preferred_label Chrysler Imperial (modèle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_Imperial preferred_label Chrysler Imperial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Elantra preferred_label 현대 아반떼
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Elantra preferred_label ヒュンダイ・エラントラ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Elantra preferred_label Hyundai Elantra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Elantra preferred_label 现代伊兰特
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Elantra preferred_label هيونداي إلنترا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buick_Roadmaster preferred_label Buick Roadmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buick_Roadmaster preferred_label Buick Roadmaster (1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Continental preferred_label 링컨 컨티넨탈
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Continental preferred_label 林肯大陆
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Continental preferred_label リンカーン・コンチネンタル
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Continental preferred_label لينكولن كونتينتال
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Continental preferred_label Lincoln Continental (1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Continental preferred_label Lincoln Continental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saab_900 preferred_label ساب 900
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saab_900 preferred_label Saab 900
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saab_900 preferred_label サーブ・900
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saab_900 preferred_label 紳寶900
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Caravan preferred_label ダッジ・キャラバン
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Caravan preferred_label Dodge Caravan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Caravan preferred_label دوج كرافان
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_850 preferred_label 沃尔沃850
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_850 preferred_label ボルボ・850
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_850 preferred_label Volvo 850
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Altima preferred_label 日産・アルティマ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Altima preferred_label Nissan Altima Hybrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Altima preferred_label نيسان ألتيما
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Altima preferred_label Nissan Altima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Altima preferred_label 닛산 알티마
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_Legacy preferred_label Subaru Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_Legacy preferred_label スバル・レガシィ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_Legacy preferred_label 스바루 레거시
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_Legacy preferred_label 速霸陸Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_Legacy preferred_label سوبارو ليجاسي
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Taurus preferred_label Ford Taurus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Taurus preferred_label フォード・トーラス
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Taurus preferred_label 福特Taurus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Taurus preferred_label فورد توريس
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Taurus preferred_label 포드 토러스
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_Bonneville preferred_label Pontiac Bonneville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Scoupe preferred_label Hyundai Scoupe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Scoupe preferred_label Hyundai S-Coupé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Scoupe preferred_label Hyundai S-Coupe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Scoupe preferred_label 현대 스쿠프
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Scoupe preferred_label ヒュンダイ・スクープ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexus_ES preferred_label 렉서스 ES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexus_ES preferred_label لكزس إي إس
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexus_ES preferred_label レクサス・ES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexus_ES preferred_label Lexus ES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexus_ES preferred_label 凌志ES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Dynasty preferred_label Dodge Dynasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Dynasty preferred_label دودج دايناستي
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Cougar preferred_label Mercury Cougar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldsmobile_Achieva preferred_label Oldsmobile Achieva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_MPV preferred_label Mazda MPV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_MPV preferred_label 馬自達MPV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_MPV preferred_label マツダ・MPV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_MPV preferred_label Mazda8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Spirit preferred_label Dodge Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Town_Car preferred_label 링컨 타운카
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Town_Car preferred_label リンカーン・タウンカー
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Town_Car preferred_label Lincoln Town Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Town_Car preferred_label لينكون تاون كار
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Astro preferred_label シボレー・アストロ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Astro preferred_label Chevrolet Astro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Astro preferred_label 쉐보레 애스트로
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Summit preferred_label Eagle Summit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Summit preferred_label イーグル・サミット
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buick_Riviera preferred_label ビュイック・リヴィエラ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buick_Riviera preferred_label Buick Riviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Diamante preferred_label Mitsubishi Diamante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Diamante preferred_label 三菱・ディアマンテ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acura_Legend preferred_label أكيورا ليجند
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acura_Legend preferred_label Acura Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Mirage preferred_label 三菱・ミラージュ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Mirage preferred_label Mitsubishi Space Star (citadine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Mirage preferred_label 三菱Mirage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Mirage preferred_label Mitsubishi Mirage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Mirage preferred_label ميتسوبيشي ميراج
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audi_80 preferred_label Audi 80/90/4000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audi_80 preferred_label أودي 80
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audi_80 preferred_label Audi 80
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audi_80 preferred_label アウディ・80
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infiniti_Q45 preferred_label インフィニティ・Q45
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infiniti_Q45 preferred_label Infiniti Q45
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infiniti_Q45 preferred_label إنفينيتي كيو 45
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infiniti_Q45 preferred_label 인피니티 Q45
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzuki_Swift preferred_label 鈴木Swift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzuki_Swift preferred_label Suzuki Swift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzuki_Swift preferred_label スズキ・スイフト
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Sonata preferred_label 현대 쏘나타
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Sonata preferred_label Hyundai Sonica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Sonata preferred_label 现代索纳塔
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Sonata preferred_label Hyundai Sonata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Sonata preferred_label ヒョンデ・ソナタ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Sonata preferred_label هيونداي سوناتا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Lumina preferred_label Chevrolet Lumina (Ameryka Północna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Lumina preferred_label Chevrolet Lumina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Lumina preferred_label شيفروليه لومينا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldsmobile_Silhouette preferred_label Oldsmobile Silhouette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Camry preferred_label 토요타 캠리
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Camry preferred_label トヨタ・カムリ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Camry preferred_label 丰田凯美瑞
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Camry preferred_label Toyota Camry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Camry preferred_label تويوتا كامري
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_626 preferred_label 馬自達626
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_626 preferred_label 마쓰다 카펠라
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_626 preferred_label Mazda 626
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_626 preferred_label マツダ・カペラ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_626 preferred_label مازدا كابيلا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_626 preferred_label Mazda Capella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Tempo preferred_label Ford Tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Excel preferred_label هيونداي إكسيل
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Excel preferred_label Hyundai Excel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Excel preferred_label ヒュンダイ・エクセル
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Excel preferred_label 현대 엑셀
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Shadow preferred_label Dodge Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Shadow preferred_label Chrysler Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_Familia preferred_label 마쓰다 패밀리아
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_Familia preferred_label Mazda 323
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_Familia preferred_label マツダ・ファミリア
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_Familia preferred_label Mazda Familia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_5_Series_(E60) preferred_label BMW Seri 5 (E60)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_5_Series_(E60) preferred_label BMW Ε60
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_5_Series_(E60) preferred_label BMW 5 Серії (E60/E61)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_5_Series_(E60) preferred_label BMW E60
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_5_Series_(E60) preferred_label BMW 5 Series (E60)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_5_Series_(E60) preferred_label BMW Série 5 (E60)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes-Benz_W201 preferred_label メルセデス・ベンツ・W201
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes-Benz_W201 preferred_label Mercedes-Benz W201
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes-Benz_W201 preferred_label Mercedes-Benz W 201
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes-Benz_W201 preferred_label Mercedes-Benz 190 (Type 201)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes-Benz_W201 preferred_label مرسيدس بنز دبليوا 201
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes-Benz_W201 preferred_label Mercedes-Benz 190
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_Concorde preferred_label クライスラー・コンコード
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_Concorde preferred_label Chrysler Concorde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Laser preferred_label Plymouth Laser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Laser preferred_label プリムス・レーザー
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Integra preferred_label ホンダ・インテグラ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Integra preferred_label Honda Integra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Integra preferred_label 혼다 인테그라
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Integra preferred_label هوندا انتيغرا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Integra preferred_label 本田型格
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Integra preferred_label Acura Integra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes-Benz_W114 preferred_label Mercedes-Benz W114
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Sentra preferred_label 日產Sentra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Sentra preferred_label نيسان سنترا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Sentra preferred_label Nissan Sentra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Sentra preferred_label 日産・セントラ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Corsica preferred_label Chevrolet Corsica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Corsica preferred_label شيفروليه كورسيكا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Corvette preferred_label 雪佛兰科尔维特
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Corvette preferred_label Chevrolet Corvette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Corvette preferred_label Corvette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Corvette preferred_label Corvette (automerk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Corvette preferred_label شيفروليه كورفيت
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Corvette preferred_label シボレー・コルベット
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Corvette preferred_label 쉐보레 콜벳
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Probe preferred_label Ford Probe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Probe preferred_label フォード・プローブ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Crown_Victoria preferred_label 福特Crown Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Crown_Victoria preferred_label فورد كراون فكتوريا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Crown_Victoria preferred_label 포드 크라운 빅토리아
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Crown_Victoria preferred_label フォード・クラウンビクトリア
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Crown_Victoria preferred_label Ford Crown Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Transporter_(T4) preferred_label フォルクスワーゲン・トランスポルター (T4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Transporter_(T4) preferred_label Volkswagen Eurovan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Transporter_(T4) preferred_label Volkswagen T4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Transporter_(T4) preferred_label VW T4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Transporter_(T4) preferred_label Volkswagen Transporter (T4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Transporter_(T4) preferred_label Volkswagen Transporter T4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Corrado preferred_label Volkswagen Corrado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Corrado preferred_label VW Corrado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Corrado preferred_label フォルクスワーゲン・コラード
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Maxima preferred_label نيسان ماكسيما
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Maxima preferred_label 日産・マキシマ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Maxima preferred_label 닛산 맥시마
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Maxima preferred_label Nissan Maxima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Previa preferred_label 토요타 에스티마
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Previa preferred_label トヨタ・エスティマ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Previa preferred_label Toyota Previa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Previa preferred_label Toyota Estima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Previa preferred_label تويوتا بريفيا
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Previa preferred_label 豐田Previa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Festiva preferred_label 福特Festiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Festiva preferred_label フォード・フェスティバ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Festiva preferred_label Ford Festiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Lumina_APV preferred_label Chevrolet Lumina APV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_Justy preferred_label Subaru Justy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_Justy preferred_label スバル・ジャスティ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_Justy preferred_label 速霸陸Justy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geo_Metro preferred_label ジオ・メトロ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geo_Metro preferred_label Geo Metro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Vision preferred_label Eagle Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Vision preferred_label イーグル・ビジョン
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Vision preferred_label Chrysler Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn_S-Series preferred_label Saturn S-Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexus_SC preferred_label 렉서스 SC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexus_SC preferred_label لكزس إس سي
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexus_SC preferred_label レクサス・SC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexus_SC preferred_label Lexus SC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Quest preferred_label Nissan Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Quest preferred_label 日産・クエスト
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Quest preferred_label نيسان كويست
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Quest preferred_label 닛산 퀘스트
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Quest preferred_label 日产贵士
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Fox preferred_label VW Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Fox preferred_label فولكس فاجن فوكس
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Fox preferred_label フォルクスワーゲン・フォックス
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Fox preferred_label Volkswagen Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_GTO preferred_label Mitsubishi GTO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Aerostar preferred_label Ford Aerostar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geo_Storm preferred_label いすゞ・PAネロ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geo_Storm preferred_label Geo Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac_Sedan_de_Ville preferred_label Cadillac Sedan de Ville
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace As defined by the United States Geological Survey, a populated place is a place or area with clustered or scattered buildings and a permanent human population (city, settlement, town, or village) referenced with geographic coordinates (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Populated_place).
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HandballLeague a group of sports teams that compete against each other in Handball
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TheologicalConcept Theological concepts, e.g. The apocalypse, Trinty, Stoicism
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Windmill A windmill is a machine that converts the energy of wind into rotational energy by means of vanes called sails
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work Item on which time has been spent for its realisation. Actor can be a human on not (machine, insects, nature...)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Swimmer a trained athlete who participates in swimming meets
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsManager According to the french label sub Soccer, trainership could be meant. However, here a Sportsmanager is interpreted as a member of the board of a sporting club.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manor Estate and/or (cluster of) lands that are under the jurisdiction of a feudal lord. Hence it is also the shorthand expression for the physical estate itself: a manor is a stately house in the countryside with the surrounding grounds
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoftballLeague A group of sports teams that compete against each other in softball.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SongWriter a person who writes songs.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Guitar Describes the guitar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prov:Revision http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#Revision
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Document Any document
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Type a category within a classification system
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange a chain of mountains bordered by highlands or separated from other mountains by passes or valleys.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RouteStop designated place where vehicles stop for passengers to board or alight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Park A park is an area of open space provided for recreational use. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Park
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioStation A radio station has one line up. For instance the radio station BBC Radio 1. Not to be confused with the broadcasting network BBC, which has many radio stations.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Game a structured activity, usually undertaken for enjoyment and sometimes used as an educational tool
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Port a location on a coast or shore containing one or more harbors where ships can dock and transfer people or cargo to or from land.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayLine A railway line is a transport service by trains that pull passengers or freight provided by an organization. Not to be mistaken for railway track, which is the structure consisting of the rails. Wikipedia do not clearly differentiate between both, so there is one infobox describing tracks and lines.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Memorial A monument erected to commemorate a person, an event and/or group. In the case of a person, this might be a grave or tomb.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lawyer a person who is practicing law.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicComposer a person who creates music.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalAreaOfAuthority Mostly for feudal forms of authority, but can also serve for historical forms of centralised authority
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Volcano A volcano is currently subclass of naturalplace, but it might also be considered a mountain.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Municipality An administrative body governing a territorial unity on the lower level, administering one or a few more settlements
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MonoclonalAntibody Medikamente welche monoklonale Antikörper sind
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manga Manga are comics created in Japan
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpeedwayLeague A group of sports teams that compete against each other in motorcycle speedway racing.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature Periodical literature (also called a periodical publication or simply a periodical) is a published work that appears in a new edition on a regular schedule. The most familiar examples are the newspaper, often published daily, or weekly; or the magazine, typically published weekly, monthly or as a quarterly. Other examples would be a newsletter, a literary journal or learned journal, or a yearbook.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Letter A letter from the alphabet.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VaccinationStatistics Statistics related to the COVID-19 vaccination world progress‎
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hormone A hormone is any member of a class of signaling molecules produced by glands in multicellular organisms that are transported by the circulatory system to target distant organs to regulate physiology and behaviour.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species A category in the rating system
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Publisher Publishing company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite In the context of spaceflight, an artificial satellite is an artificial object which has been intentionally placed into orbit.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CoalPit A coal pit is a place where charcoal is or was extracted
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Economist An economist is a professional in the social science discipline of economics.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Castle Castles often are, but need not be a military structure. They can serve for status, pleasure and hunt as well.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentType a form of government
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalEvent an event that is clearly different from strictly personal events and had historical impact
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SubMunicipality An administrative body governing a territorial unity on the lowest level, administering part of a municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Theatre A theater or theatre (also a playhouse) is a structure where theatrical works or plays are performed or other performances such as musical concerts may be produced.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BeautyQueen A beauty pageant titleholder
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation A television station has usually one line up. For instance the television station WABC-TV (or ABC 7, Channel 7). Not to be confused with the broadcasting network ABC, which has many television stations.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SingleList A list of singles
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Producer a person who manages movies or music recordings.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manhwa Korean term for comics and print cartoons
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ResearchProject A research project is a scientific investigation, usually using scientific methods, to achieve defined objectives.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CardinalDirection One of the four main directions on a compass or any other system to determine a geographical position
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure An architectural structure is a human-made, free-standing, immobile outdoor construction (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Architectural_structure).
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WindMotor A wind-driven turbine that adapts itself to wind direction and to wind-force. Is considered to be a class in its own, despite the wind as common factor with Windmill.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building Building is defined as a Civil Engineering structure such as a house, worship center, factory etc. that has a foundation, wall, roof etc. that protect human being and their properties from direct harsh effect of weather like rain, wind, sun etc. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Building).
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monastery Monastery denotes the building, or complex of buildings, comprising the domestic quarters and workplace(s) of monastics, whether monks or nuns, and whether living in community or alone (hermits). The monastery generally includes a place reserved for prayer which may be a chapel, church or temple, and may also serve as an oratory.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorkSequence sequence of works previous/next
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CurlingLeague a group of sports teams that compete against each other in Curling
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeamSeason A season for a particular sports team (as opposed to the season for the entire league that the team is in)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalPeriod A historical Period should be linked to a Place by way of the property dct:spatial (already defined)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MicroRegion A microregion is a - mainy statistical - region in Brazil, at an administrative level between a meso-region and a community
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProtectedArea This class should be used for protected nature. For enclosed neighbourhoods there is now class GatedCommunity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MixedMartialArtsLeague a group of sports teams that compete against each other in Mixed Martial Arts
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ambassador An ambassador is the highest ranking diplomat that represents a nation and is usually accredited to a foreign sovereign or government, or to an international organization.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Food Food is any eatable or drinkable substance that is normally consumed by humans.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoloLeague A group of sports teams that compete against each other in Polo.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerLeague A group of sports teams that compete against each other in soccer.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Group An (informal) group of people.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent Analogous to a foaf:Agent, an agent is an entity that acts. This is intended to be the super class of Person and Organisation.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Family A group of people related by common descent, a lineage.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DistrictWaterBoard Conservancy, governmental agency dedicated to surface water management
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RoadJunction A road junction is a location where vehicular traffic going in different directions can proceed in a controlled manner designed to minimize accidents. In some cases, vehicles can change between different routes or directions of travel (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Junction_%28road%29).
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single In music, a single or record single is a type of release, typically a recording of fewer tracks than an LP or a CD.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SnookerChamp An athlete that plays snooker and won the world championship at least once
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral A naturally occurring solid chemical substance.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicSubject Genres of art, e.g. Mathematics, History, Philosophy, Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FileSystem File classification system
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CanadianFootballLeague A group of sports teams that compete against each other in canadian football league.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ScientificConcept Scientific concepts, e.g. Theory of relativity, Quantum gravity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper A newspaper is a regularly scheduled publication containing news of current events, informative articles, diverse features and advertising. It usually is printed on relatively inexpensive, low-grade paper such as newsprint.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballLeague a group of sports teams that compete against each other in Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Street A Street is different from a Road in as far as the infrastructure aspect is much less important here. A Street is a social and architectural ensemble much more than the connection between two geographic points.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organ All types and sizes of organs
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NobleFamily Family deemed to be of noble descent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InternationalOrganisation An international organisation is either a private or a public organisation seeking to accomplish goals across country borders
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Area Area of something. Use "value" for the value, "min" & "max" for a range (if uncertain) and "rank" (integer) for the rank of that thing amongst its siblings (eg regions ordered by area)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FootballMatch a competition between two football teams
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalConcept Political concepts, e.g. Capitalism, Democracy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Community A community is a group of living organisms, people, plants or animals that live in a common environment.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Employer a person, business, firm, etc, that employs workers.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Desert Barren land where there is less rain.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fashion type or code of dressing, according to the standards of the time or individual design.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorcycleRacingLeague a group of sports teams or bikerider that compete against each other in Motorcycle Racing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SystemOfLaw a system of legislation, either national or international
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LawFirm A law firm is a business entity formed by one or more lawyers to engage in the practice of law. The primary service provided by a law firm is to advise clients (individuals or corporations) about their legal rights and responsibilities, and to represent their clients in civil or criminal cases, business transactions, and other matters in which legal advice and other assistance are sought.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WikimediaTemplate DO NOT USE THIS CLASS! This is for internal use only!
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Presenter TV or radio show presenter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TheatreDirector A director in the theatre field who oversees and orchestrates the mounting of a theatre production.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtisticGenre Genres of art, e.g. Pointillist, Modernist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/StillImage ایک بصری دستاویز جس کا مقصد متحرک ہونا نہیں ہے۔
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PaintballLeague a group of sports teams that compete against each other in Paintball
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BowlingLeague a group of sports teams or players that compete against each other in Bowling
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cemetery A burial place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Diocese District or see under the supervision of a bishop.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Standard a common specification
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideogamesLeague A group of sports teams or person that compete against each other in videogames.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fort Fortified place, most of the time to protect traffic routes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Image A document that contains a visual image
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RouteOfTransportation A route of transportation (thoroughfare) may refer to a public road, highway, path or trail or a route on water from one place to another for use by a variety of general traffic (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thoroughfare).
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mill a unit operation designed to break a solid material into smaller pieces
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TrackList A list of music tracks, like on a CD
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent a event of competitive physical activity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CapitalOfRegion seat of a first order administration division.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BroadcastNetwork A broadcast network is an organization, such as a corporation or other association, that provides live or recorded content, such as movies, newscasts, sports, and public affairs programs for broadcast over a group of radio or television stations. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broadcast_network - 28/03/2011)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Novel A book of long narrative in literary prose
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency A government agency is a permanent or semi-permanent organization in the machinery of government that is responsible for the oversight and administration of specific functions, such as an intelligence agency.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Earthquake the result of a sudden release of energy in the Earth's crust that creates seismic waves
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LightNovel A style of Japanese novel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PersonalEvent an event that occurs in someone's personal life
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TradeUnion A trade union or labor union is an organization of workers who have banded together to achieve common goals such as better working conditions.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Province An administrative body governing a territorial unity on the intermediate level, between local and national level
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal a man-made channel for water
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Project A project is a temporary endeavor undertaken to achieve defined objectives.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AustralianFootballLeague A group of sports teams that compete against each other in australian football.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Vaccine Drugs that are a vaccine‎
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Beach The shore of a body of water, especially when sandy or pebbly.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Demographics Population of a place. Uses these properties: populationTotal, year (when measured, populationYear), rank (sortOrder of this place amongst its siblings at the same level), name (areal measured by the population, eg: "locality", "municipality" or "comitat")
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FieldHockeyLeague a group of sports teams that compete against each other in Field Hockey
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/List A general list of items.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioControlledRacingLeague A group of sports teams or person that compete against each other in radio-controlled racing.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalAnthem Patriotic musical composition which is the offcial national song.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MathematicalConcept Mathematical concepts, e.g. Fibonacci numbers, Imaginary numbers, Symmetry
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RestArea A rest area is part of a Road, meant to stop and rest. More often than not, there is a filling station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Dike A dike is an elongated naturally occurring ridge or artificially constructed fill or wall, which regulates water levels
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyLeague A group of sports teams that compete against each other in rugby.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovieDirector a person who oversees making of film.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OrganisationMember A member of an organisation.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace The natural place encompasses all places occurring naturally in universe.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EmployersOrganisation An employers' organisation is an organisation of entrepreneurs who work together to coordinate their actions in the field of labour relations
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River a large natural stream
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Singer a person who sings.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ocean A body of saline water that composes much of a planet's hydrosphere.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deanery The intermediate level of a clerical administrative body between parish and diocese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream a flowing body of water with a current, confined within a bed and stream banks
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance An information device such as PDAs or Video game consoles, etc.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport A sport is commonly defined as an organized, competitive, and skillful physical activity.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Covid19 Ongoing pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SiteOfSpecialScientificInterest A Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) is a conservation designation denoting a protected area in the United Kingdom. SSSIs are the basic building block of site-based nature conservation legislation and most other legal nature/geological conservation designations in Great Britain are based upon them, including National Nature Reserves, Ramsar Sites, Special Protection Areas, and Special Areas of Conservation.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Church This is used for church buildings, not any other meaning of church.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Reference Reference to a work (book, movie, website) providing info about the subject
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/StatedResolution A Resolution describes a formal statement adopted by a meeting or convention.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SnookerPlayer An athlete that plays snooker, which is a billard derivate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LineOfFashion A coherent type of clothing or dressing following a particular fashion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Village a clustered human settlement or community, usually smaller a town
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Racecourse A racecourse is an alternate term for a horse racing track, found in countries such as the United Kingdom, Australia, Hong Kong, and the United Arab Emirates.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame A video game is an electronic game that involves interaction with a user interface to generate visual feedback on a video device.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SnookerWorldRanking The official world ranking in snooker for a certain year/season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canton An administrative (France) or lawcourts (Netherlands) body governing a territorial unity on the municipal level or somewhat above
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty for example: Democratic_Party_(United_States)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ReligiousOrganisation Formal organisation or organised group of believers
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LacrosseLeague a group of sports teams that compete against each other in Lacrosse.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/prov:Entity http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#Entity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClericalAdministrativeRegion An administrative body governing some territorial unity, in this case a clerical administrative body
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arrondissement An administrative (France) or lawcourts (Netherlands) body governing a territorial unity on the intermediate level, between local and national level
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Forest A natural place more or less densely grown with trees
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Meeting A regular or irregular meeting of people as an event to keep record of
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/UndergroundJournal An underground journal is, although over time there have always been publications forbidden by law, a phenomenon typical of countries occupied by the Germans during the Second World War. The writing in the underground press aims at stiffening a spirit of resistance against Nazi occupation. The distribution of underground journals had to be very secretive and was, therefore, very much dependant on illegal distribution circuits and the hazards of persecution by the occupant.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Anime A style of animation originating in Japan
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentCabinet A cabinet is a body of high-ranking state officials, typically consisting of the top leaders of the executive branch.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Painting Describes a painting to assign picture entries in wikipedia to artists.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ideology for example: Progressivism_in_the_United_States, Classical_liberalism
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalDistrict a place which used to be a district.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Capital A municipality enjoying primary status in a state, country, province, or other region as its seat of government.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Watermill A watermill is a structure that uses a water wheel or turbine to drive a mechanical process such as flour, lumber or textile production, or metal shaping (rolling, grinding or wire drawing)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalSettlement A place which used to be a city or town or village.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ControlledDesignationOfOriginWine A quality assurance label for wines
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Valley a depression with predominant extent in one direction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TeamSport A team sport is commonly defined as a sport that is being played by competing teams
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DocumentType type of document (official, informal etc.)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cheese A milk product prepared for human consumption
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalCountry ایک ایسی جگہ جو ایک ملک ہوا کرتی تھی۔
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CityDistrict District, borough, area or neighbourhood in a city or town
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CyclingLeague a group of sports teams that compete against each other in Cycling
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Medicine The science and art of healing the human body and identifying the causes of disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CricketLeague a group of sports teams that compete against each other in Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/File A document with a filename
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CombinationDrug Medikamente die mehrere Wirkstoffe enthalten
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Territory A territory may refer to a country subdivision, a non-sovereign geographic region.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gymnast A gymnast is one who performs gymnastics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GraveMonument A monument erected on a tomb, or a memorial stone.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentalAdministrativeRegion An administrative body governing some territorial unity, in this case a governmental administrative body
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CountrySeat A country seat is a rural patch of land owned by a land owner.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Media storage and transmission channels or tools used to store and deliver information or data
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sculpture Sculpture is three-dimensional artwork created by shaping or combining hard materials, typically stone such as marble, metal, glass, or wood, or plastic materials such as clay, textiles, polymers and softer metals.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoapCharacter Character of soap - radio or television serial frequently characterized by melodrama, ensemble casts, and sentimentality.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sound An audio document intended to be listened to; equivalent to http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/Sound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PlayWright A person who writes dramatic literature or drama.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Factory A factory (previously manufactory) or manufacturing plant is an industrial site, usually consisting of buildings and machinery, or more commonly a complex having several buildings, where workers manufacture goods or operate machines processing one product into another.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Resume A Resume describes a persons work experience and skill set.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Treadmill A mill driven by the tractive power of horses, donkeys or even people
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PhilosophicalConcept Philosophical concepts, e.g. Existentialism, Cogito Ergo Sum
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tower A Tower is a kind of structure (not necessarily a building) that is higher than the rest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainPass a path that allows the crossing of a mountain chain. It is usually a saddle point in between two areas of higher elevation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfCourse In a golf course, holes often carry hazards, defined as special areas to which additional rules of the game apply.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode A television episode is a part of serial television program.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Decoration An object, such as a medal or an order, that is awarded to honor the recipient ostentatiously.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/UnitOfWork This class is meant to convey the notion of an amount work to be done. It is different from Activity in that it has a definite end and is being measured.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork Written work is any text written to read it (e.g.: books, newspaper, articles)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Broadcaster A broadcaster is an organisation responsible for the production of radio or television programs and/or their transmission. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broadcaster - 28/03/2011)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Archive Collection of documents pertaining to a person or organisation.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station Public transport station (eg. railway station, metro station, bus station).
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingImage A visual document that is intended to be animated; equivalent to http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/MovingImage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicDirector A person who is the director of an orchestra or concert band.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InlineHockeyLeague group of sports teams that compete against each other in Inline Hockey.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GridironFootballPlayer Gradiron football, also called North American football, is a family of soccer team games played primarily in the United States and Canada.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Satellite An astronomic object orbiting around a planet or star. Definition partly derived from http://www.ontotext.com/proton/protonext# (and thus WordNet 1.7).
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town a settlement ranging from a few hundred to several thousand (occasionally hundreds of thousands). The precise meaning varies between countries and is not always a matter of legal definition. Usually, a town is thought of as larger than a village but smaller than a city, though there are exceptions to this rule.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdultActor A pornographic actor or actress or a porn star is a person who performs sex acts in film, normally characterised as a pornographic film.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cinema A building for viewing films.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CultivatedVariety A cultivar is a plant or grouping of plants selected for desirable characteristics that can be maintained by propagation. A plant whose origin or selection is primarily due to intentional human activity.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chef a person who cooks professionally for other people
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianDoctrine Tenets of the Christian faith, e.g. Trinity, Nicene Creed
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballLeague A group of sports teams that compete against each other in american football.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Case A case is the total of work done to prepare for an administrative or business decision. As a rule, a case is reflected in a set of documents.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Youtuber a person who uploads, produces, or appears in videos on the video-sharing website YouTube..
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion A PopulatedPlace under the jurisdiction of an administrative body. This body may administer either a whole region or one or more adjacent Settlements (town administration)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pandemic Global epidemic of infectious disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bank a company which main services are banking or financial services.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryStructure A military structure such as a Castle, Fortress, Wall, etc.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FormerMunicipality A municipality that has ceased to exist, and most of the time got incorporated (wholesale or partly) into another municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Casino In modern English, a casino is a facility which houses and accommodates certain types of gambling activities.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TennisLeague A group of sports teams or person that compete against each other in tennis.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfLeague Golfplayer that compete against each other in Golf
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent an event that is clearly different from strictly personal events
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mosque A mosque, sometimes spelt mosk, is a place of worship for followers of Islam.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TeamMember A member of an athletic team.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Battery The battery (type) used as energy source in vehicles.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mine A mine is a place where mineral resources are or were extracted
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork A work of art, artwork, art piece, or art object is an aesthetic item or artistic creation.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Attack An Attack is not necessarily part of a Military Conflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Parish The smallest unit of a clerical administrative body
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Colour Color or colour is the visual perceptual property corresponding in humans to the categories called red, yellow, blue and others. Color derives from the spectrum of light (distribution of light energy versus wavelength) interacting in the eye with the spectral sensitivities of the light receptors.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine Magazines, periodicals, glossies or serials are publications, generally published on a regular schedule, containing a variety of articles. They are generally financed by advertising, by a purchase price, by pre-paid magazine subscriptions, or all three.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CareerStation this class marks a career step in the life of a person, e.g. a soccer player, holding information on the time span, matches and goals he or she achieved at a certain club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Synagogue A synagogue, sometimes spelt synagog, is a Jewish or Samaritan house of prayer.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Biomolecule equivalent to http://ccdb.ucsd.edu/NIF/BIRNLex-OBO-UBO.owl#birnlex_22.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manhua Comics originally produced in China
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Dam A dam is part of a landscape infrastructure, like waterworks (canals) or roads, much more than a building, though, of course, it has been built, too.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CollectionOfValuables Collection of valuables is a collection considered to be a work in itself)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeamMember A member of an athletic team.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalRegion a place which used to be a region.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play A play is a form of literature written by a playwright, usually consisting of scripted dialogue between characters, intended for theatrical performance rather than just reading.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City a relatively large and permanent settlement, particularly a large urban settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AutoRacingLeague a group of sports teams or individual athletes that compete against each other in auto racing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Referee An official who watches a game or match closely to ensure that the rules are adhered to.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Taxon a category within a classification system for Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ElectricalSubstation Substations transform voltage from high to low, or the reverse.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnimangaCharacter Anime/Manga character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Instrument Describes all musical instrument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalProvince A place which used to be a province.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Actor An actor or actress is a person who acts in a dramatic production and who works in film, television, theatre, or radio in that capacity.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballLeague a group of sports teams that compete against each other in Baseball.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/IceHockeyLeague a group of sports teams that compete against each other in Ice Hockey.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WaterTower a construction designed to store larger quantities of water at a place of some elevation in order to keep pressure on the water provision system
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionDirector a person who directs the activities involved in making a television program.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BackScene Composer, producer, and backstage people.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Beverage A drink, or beverage, is a liquid which is specifically prepared for human consumption.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pyramid a structure whose shape is roughly that of a pyramid in the geometric sense.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague A group of sports teams or individual athletes that compete against each other in a specific sport.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monument A type of structure (a statue or an art object) created to commemorate a person or important event, not necessarily of a catastrophic nature.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tunnel A tunnel may be for foot or vehicular road traffic, for rail traffic, or for a canal. Some tunnels are aqueducts to supply water for consumption or for hydroelectric stations or are sewers (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tunnel).
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BusinessPerson The term entrepreneur mainly means someone who holds a senior position, such as an executive.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TableTennisPlayer Athlete who plays table tennis
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arena An arena is an enclosed area, often circular or oval-shaped, designed to showcase theater, musical performances, or sporting events. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arena)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Garden A garden is a planned space, usually outdoors, set aside for the display, cultivation, and enjoyment of plants and other forms of nature. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garden)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BoardGame come from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Board_games
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LiteraryGenre Genres of literature, e.g. Satire, Gothic
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PublicTransitSystem A public transit system is a shared passenger transportation service which is available for use by the general public. Public transport modes include buses, trolleybuses, trams and trains, 'rapid transit' (metro/subways/undergrounds etc) and ferries. Intercity public transport is dominated by airlines, coaches, and intercity rail. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_transit).
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorldHeritageSite A UNESCO World Heritage Site is a site (such as a forest, mountain, lake, desert, monument, building, complex, or city) that is on the list that is maintained by the international World Heritage Programme administered by the UNESCO World Heritage Committee, composed of 21 state parties which are elected by their General Assembly for a four-year term. A World Heritage Site is a place of either cultural or physical significance.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CardGame come from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Card_games
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BoxingLeague A group of sports teams or fighters that compete against each other in Boxing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VolleyballLeague A group of sports teams that compete against each other in volleyball.
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge A bridge is a structure built to span physical obstacles such as a body of water, valley, or road, for the purpose of providing passage over the obstacle (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bridge).
